status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,iOS Developer,Peer Solutions Group,"Mountain View, CA",2020-01-11,"We are hiring several iOS Developers (Immediate interview and start).

Job location: Mountain View, CA
Duration: 6+ months
Candidate Type: W2 or Corp-to-Corp
Interview: HackerRank + Video
5+ years of hands-on development experience on the iOS platform with a strong understanding of the iOS Architecture
Should provide references of at least 2 apps being launched to the App Store on which the developer has worked
Able to develop Native iPhone applications using SWIFT
Candidate must have the capability to code using TDD approach
Should have a good understanding of Hybrid Application Architecture and a hands on skill working with HTML5/CSS3/jQuery Mobile is strongly desired
Should be able to understand the memory usage, object references, and performance oriented coding
Should be able to work on developing views and UI for iPhone and iPad applications
Should understand the Apple user interface and coding standards
Able to work on Agile and Test-driven development
Able to work on unit testing, code coverage tools for Swift
Good in communication - written and verbal communication skills

About Peer Solutions Group, Inc.
Peer Solutions Group, a full-service, Minority Certified (MBE) IT Services company founded by professionals with hands on experience in Staffing, Recruiting, Project Management, Technology and Consulting. Since the past 10+ years, we have helped our customers strengthen their competitive advantage, reduce operational costs, and improve efficiency by providing our Personalized Effective Efficient Reliable services with integrity, intellectual growth, quality, respect and positive thinking. Our core capabilities include but are not limited to:
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Business Process Analysis, Re-engineering and Automation
Cyber Security Consulting
Project Management Consulting
Custom Application Development/Programming
IT Staffing - Contract & Permanent
Peer Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing the right opportunities for the right people. We have a culture of entrepreneurship and innovation where our employees can make a difference. We are looking for like-minded, dynamic individuals to come and join our rapidly expanding team.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=42452f07de13e77c,42452f07de13e77c,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Sitecore Developer,Peer Solutions Group,"Rockleigh, NJ",2020-01-11,"We are hiring Sitecore Developers. The position requires the developer to be capable of working on the complete project life-cycle of implementing, extending and integrating complex content management systems. Candidate should be able to work well with project teams, as well as interface with clients. The position requires a senior level candidate that serves as the internal technical team leader as well as the lead developer and interfacing with the client.
Location: Rockleigh, NJ

Duration: 12+ months

Candidate Type: W2 or Corp-to-Corp
Interview Type: HackerRank Test + Video Interview
Required Skills:
Minimum 2-3 years experience on SItecore 8.2
Experience in all aspects of application development and design
Design, customize and implement Sitecore solutions to satisfy customer business requirements
Experience with integration of application components and integrate Sitecore with other systems
Expereince with design and development of n-tier .NET MVC web applications, WCF Services, WPF applications, web APIs and web services, windows services and console applications using C#, , JavaScript technologies and SQL ServerASP.NET
Experience in designing database schemas and stored procedures
Experience in developing and maintaining templates and modules on the Sitecore platform
Experience in Performing unit testing and analyze application and database performance on new and existing programs for the purposes of correcting errors
Knowledgeable in Agile delivery and DevOps principles
Maturity, creativity, strong problem-solving abilities, a detail-oriented and best practices approach to ones work, and the general ability to understand client needs expressed in multiple types of requirements are a must.

About Peer Solutions Group, Inc.

Peer Solutions Group, a full-service, Minority Certified (MBE) IT Services company founded by professionals with hands on experience in Staffing, Recruiting, Project Management, Technology and Consulting. Since the past 10+ years, we have helped our customers strengthen their competitive advantage, reduce operational costs, and improve efficiency by providing our Personalized Effective Efficient Reliable services with integrity, intellectual growth, quality, respect and positive thinking. Our core capabilities include but are not limited to:
Project Management Consulting
Business Process Analysis and Re-engineering
Custom Application Development/Programming
Cyber Security Consulting
IT Staffing
Peer Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing the right opportunities for the right people. We have a culture of entrepreneurship and innovation where our employees can make a difference. We are looking for like-minded, dynamic individuals to come and join our rapidly expanding team.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ae4fcd2f9562799,4ae4fcd2f9562799,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Sitecore Developer,Peer Solutions Group,"New York, NY",2020-01-11,"We are hiring several Sitecore Developers and Leads
No. of positions: 5

Location: New York, NY
Duration: 6-12+ months
Interview Type: HackerRank + Video Call
(Leads must have prior experience leading a team or project and must be documented on the resume.)
Required Skills
Must have have developed large scale Websites using Sitecore in Sitecore 8 and above.
At least 6 years experience in developing applications using Microsoft .NET Framework.
Strong in OOPS and Design Patterns
Experience in .NET WebAPI and MVC
Experience in SQL Server and other RDBMS
Strong in analytical thinking
Strong in communication
Ability to troubleshoot the existing application and provide root cause analysis
Lead the team in providing technical expertise
Team player with good communication
Experience in handling React JS
Knowledge in implementing applications using Code First and Model First approaches
Experience on integrating Sitecore with third party solutions
Hands-on in hosting Websites in Azure
Experience in Open Source tools for Web Development
Experience in improving website performance following various factors.
Nice to have
Experience in setting up continuous integration and deployment using any industry standard toolset
Experience in Nodejs

About Peer Solutions Group, Inc.
Peer Solutions Group, a full-service, Minority Certified (MBE) IT Services company founded by professionals with hands on experience in Staffing, Recruiting, Project Management, Technology and Consulting. Since the past 10+ years, we have helped our customers strengthen their competitive advantage, reduce operational costs, and improve efficiency by providing our Personalized Effective Efficient Reliable services with integrity, intellectual growth, quality, respect and positive thinking. Our core capabilities include but are not limited to:
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Business Process Analysis, Re-engineering and Automation
Cyber Security Consulting
Project Management Consulting
Custom Application Development/Programming
IT Staffing - Contract & Permanent
Peer Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing the right opportunities for the right people. We have a culture of entrepreneurship and innovation where our employees can make a difference. We are looking for like-minded, dynamic individuals to come and join our rapidly expanding team.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=abc9a22ec1998090,abc9a22ec1998090,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Android Developer,Peer Solutions Group,"Mountain View, CA",2020-01-11,"We are hiring several Android Developers (Immediate interview and start).

Job location: Mountain View, CA
Duration: 6+ months
Candidate Type: W2 or Corp-to-Corp NO OPT/CPT or VISA Transfer CANDIDATES PLEASE.
Interview: HackerRank + Video
5+ years experience in Android
Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services
Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning
Ability to design applications around natural user interfaces, such as touch
Familiarity with the use of additional sensors, such as gyroscopes and accelerometers
Knowledge of the open-source Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks
Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
A knack for benchmarking and optimization
Understanding of Googles Android design principles and interface guidelines
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git
Familiarity with continuous integration

About Peer Solutions Group, Inc.
Peer Solutions Group, a full-service, Minority Certified (MBE) IT Services company founded by professionals with hands on experience in Staffing, Recruiting, Project Management, Technology and Consulting. Since the past 10+ years, we have helped our customers strengthen their competitive advantage, reduce operational costs, and improve efficiency by providing our Personalized Effective Efficient Reliable services with integrity, intellectual growth, quality, respect and positive thinking. Our core capabilities include but are not limited to:
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Business Process Analysis, Re-engineering and Automation
Cyber Security Consulting
Project Management Consulting
Custom Application Development/Programming
IT Staffing - Contract & Permanent
Peer Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing the right opportunities for the right people. We have a culture of entrepreneurship and innovation where our employees can make a difference. We are looking for like-minded, dynamic individuals to come and join our rapidly expanding team.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09cbe75029cfa1cd,09cbe75029cfa1cd,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Java Developers / Senior Developers / Lead Developers,Peer Solutions Group,"Mountain View, CA",2020-01-11,"Greetings from Peer Solutions Group!
Our direct client has multiple openings in multiple locations and looking to hire Java Developers and Lead Developers. Please find the job description below
Java Developer | Mountain View, CA / Plano, TX
Must have
At least 3 years experience in developing applications using Opensource Framework, particularly around Java/Linux/AWS .
Strong in Java OOPS and Design Patterns and Linux based development.
Experience in SQL Server or any other RDBMS
Experience in integrating applications with 3rd party solutions using REST and SOAP requests
Experience in web technologies (jquery, bootstrap, css, javascript, angular js etc), web services & Restful services.
Require good experience with Django, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3 and JavaScript.
Must have experience with Restful web services.
Strong in analytical thinking & communication
Ability to troubleshoot the existing application and provide root cause analysis
Lead the team in providing technical expertise
Team player with good communication
Should have
Knowledge in implementing applications using Java, Linux
Hands-on in hosting Websites in AWS
Experience in Open Source tools for Web Development
Experience in improving website performance following various factors.
Nice to have:
Experience in setting up continuous integration and deployment using any industry standard toolset
If you are interested with this job opportunity fill in the below given candidate information and revert with your updated resume and a copy of your photo id proof.
Location: MountainView, CA / Plano, TX
Interview Process: HackerRank test  Video Technical Interview  End Client Interview",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cc79a81e5bda03c,1cc79a81e5bda03c,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Data Scientist,ShowClix Inc.,"Pittsburgh, PA 15222",2020-01-30,"SO, WHO ARE WE?
ShowClix, a product of Patron Technology, enables live event organizers to create better, more customized experiences for their ticket buyers and deeper, more profitable relationships with their sponsors through an integrated, industry-leading event technology solution. Event organizers of different sizes and across different segments use Patron Technology for ticketing, marketing, fan engagement, CRM, logistics and data management.
Sound interesting? Let's talk.
WHY DO WE NEED YOU?
ShowClix is actively seeking a Data Scientist with a penchant for making sense of heaps of data to deliver meaningful insight and stories. The Data Scientist will join a team of engineers to help our clients, event organizers, better understand their audience.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Strong foundation in statistics, machine learning and data mining
Experience with R or similar languages/libraries for efficient exploratory data analysis
Experience with Python, Java, or other programming languages with rich machine learning libraries like Scikitlearn, Tensorflow, Spark, etc.
An insatiable curiosity for exploring data and learning
Ability to work with a team of diverse backgrounds to deliver results
QUALIFICATIONS
3-5 years of related experience
Experience working with large sets of real world, messy data in production
Experience working with big data tooling (e.g. Hadoop/HDFS, Spark, Cassandra, Elastic Search)
BONUS POINTS
Involved with Kaggle, Hackerrank, or similar competitions/challenges
ABOUT SHOWCLIX
ShowClix is a product of Patron Technology. ShowClix is a fast-growing, full-service event technology company that handles ticket sales, marketing, and on-site operations for events around the world. Our partners include fandom and consumer conventions, live music venues, museums, attractions, and festivals. Each of our team members is passionate about live events and innovative technologies. We hire smart and creative people who possess entrepreneurial-like qualities and thrive in a dynamic environment.
LEARN MORE
For more information on Patron Technology's solutions visit our website:
https://patrontechnology.com/
suKVN5odHd",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a61fe7c36c378cc6,a61fe7c36c378cc6,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Associate Software Engineer- Distro,Anaconda,"Austin, TX 78701 (Downtown area)",2020-01-11,"Role: Associate Software engineer

Reports to: Director, Engineering

Department: Engineering

Location: Austin, TX or Berlin, Germany

Job Type: Full Time, Exempt

Help Us Shape the Future of Data

Anaconda is the world's most popular data science platform. With more than 20 million users, the open source Anaconda Distribution is the easiest way to do data science and machine learning.

We pioneered the use of Python for data science, champion its vibrant community, and continue to steward open-source projects that make tomorrow's innovations possible. Our enterprise-grade solutions enable corporate, research, and academic institutions around the world to harness the power of open-source for competitive advantage and groundbreaking research.

Anaconda is seeking people who want to play a role in shaping the future of enterprise AI, machine learning, and data science. Candidates should be knowledgeable and capable, but always eager to learn more and to teach others. Overall, we strive to create a culture of ability and humility and an environment that is both relaxed and focused. We stress empathy and collaboration with our customers, open-source users, and each other. Our primary employee perk (or ""what employees like most about working here"" is that we are not just a company, but a movement. Our dedicated employees and user community strive to democratize data science and create and promote open-source technologies for a better world.

Summary

Anaconda is looking for a motivated entry-level developer to join the Anaconda Distribution ( https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/ ) team. The role will involve authoring and updating conda recipes and building conda packages and developing tools and automation around those recipes. Conda ( http://conda.io/docs/ ) is an open source package and environment management system for installing multiple versions of software packages and their dependencies and switching easily between them. It works on Linux, macOS and Windows, and supports several languages, with a general focus on data science, and strong current support for Python and R. The conda packages distributed are used by over 16 million people worldwide.

Applicants should include references to any and all relevant professional social media accounts that display their work and contributions (e.g. LinkedIn, Github, Bitbucket, Gitlab, StackOverflow, Project Euler, Codewars, HackerRank, Anaconda Cloud). Please include a cover letter with your application explaining your interest in this position. All qualified candidates must be in Austin, or willing to relocate to Austin.

What You'll Do:

Be a key member of the Anaconda Distribution team
Attend daily SCRUM meetings, sprint demos, etc.
Create and update conda recipes used to build conda packages
Build, test and release conda packages
Identify repetitive manual tasks and automate them
Answer/resolve issues on the anaconda mailing lists (https://groups.google.com/a/continuum.io/forum/#!forum/anaconda ( https://groups.google.com/a/continuum.io/forum/#!forum/anaconda ))
Answer/resolve issues on the anaconda-issues github repository (https://github.com/ContinuumIO/anaconda-issues/issues ( https://github.com/ContinuumIO/anaconda-issues/issues ))

What You Need:

Basic knowledge of Python or some shell scripting (bash, MS-DOS batch, powershell) to automate rote system-level tasks
Persistent drive to improve workflows and make things better
Solid written and verbal communication skills
Able to work well on a team as well as independently
Must be based in Austin, TX area or willing to relocate

What Will Make You Stand Out:

Able to fix bugs in software written in a range of languages and contribute fixes to the upstream projects
Familiarity with git or other version control software
Familiarity with compilers like MS Visual Studio, gcc, clang, gfortran, Makefiles, CMake and Autotools.
Comfortable with building software using MSBuild, CMake, nmake, or similar, able to dig into any build system or code-base to diagnose and fix problems.
Familiarity with the shared library mechanisms on Windows, macOS and Linux, and techniques for diagnosing and resolving missing or mismatched libraries.
Experience building conda recipes and packages and uploading them to Anaconda Cloud ( https://anaconda.org )
Experience with other Anaconda open source projects and tools
Familiar with building installers (Windows NSIS installers, macOS GUI installers, shell installers, others)
Some experience with Python, C, C++, R, javascript
Some experience with packaging software for a Software Distribution would be advantageous (Homebrew, Linux, Cygwin, MSYS2 etc).

Why You'll Like Working Here:

Dynamic company that rewards high-performers
Be on the cutting edge of new technologies and services
Collaborative team environment that values multiple perspectives and fresh thinking
Employees First culture
Work home Wednesdays (optional)
Casual dress code
Flexible working hours
Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, Life and 401K
Parental Leave
Unlimited Vacation!
Pre IPO Stock options

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bdf0a0750058a9c0,bdf0a0750058a9c0,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Online Marketing Manager Intern (Summer 2020),Pocket,"San Francisco, CA 94103 (Yerba Buena area)",2020-01-11,"At Pocket we love what we do, but more importantly we are building something that millions of people love, too. Pocket has become essential to how people discover and consume content worthy of their time and attention on any device and on their own time. If you are passionate about using technology to improve people's lives, we believe Pocket has challenges ahead that will excite you.

With millions of people discovering and consuming content across the Pocket platform, our community generates one of the most unique and interesting sets of data on the web. We are looking to expand our team to help achieve our mission of advancing access to and discovery of high-quality, personalized content across the web.

We're a small team that has the resources of a large company (Pocket was acquired by Mozilla in 2017) and that means lots of opportunity to own projects from start to finish that have tremendous impact on hundreds of millions of users, across many different devices and platforms. Your role will fundamentally affect the success of Pocket.

As a part of our Internship Program, you will:

Be mentored by a fellow teammate and someone who shares the same values
Do real work on real projects and make contributions that will impact hundreds of millions of users
Participate in social events with your fellow interns (amusement parks, ice cream and boba socials, board game nights, escape rooms, and painting parties)
Meet with Mozilla and Pocket leaders including our CEO, Executive Chairwoman, CPO, Chief R&D Officer, CMO, and Executive Foundation Director
Present your work to leaders and fellow team members

Perks include:

Market competitive pay
Catered lunches, snacks, and drinks
Housing service or housing stipend provided
Flights and ground transportation to and from internship
Work visas sponsored
Attendance at our bi-annual All Hands Meeting

Application and Interview Process


Recruiting begins in September, and we hire on a rolling basis through March. While there is no set application deadline, we do have a limited number of positions open each year, so please apply early!
Process starts with a resume review followed by a HackerRank challenge (technical) or document submission (non-technical)
Upon passing, you will partake in two technical and/or behavioral interviews with team members (coding and/or situational questions are fair game) followed by a hiring manager interview and ultimately, an offer decision.

Online Marketing Manager Intern (San Francisco, CA)

The Marketing and Editorial team at Pocket is responsible for helping grow audiences to our content ( https://getpocket.com/explore/must-reads ). As the Online Marketing Manager Intern, you will be responsible for uncovering insights by analyzing our content consumption metrics via Mode, Amplitude, and Google Analytics. You will also use insights to recommend growth opportunities by writing detailed test plans that will be used to develop and launch experiments.

Basic Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a Master's degree program in Marketing, Business, or a related discipline
Graduation date starting December 2020 and onward

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience using Google Analytics or similar to analyze data and extract insights
Proven growth mindset
Strong communication and social skills
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Ability to interpret large amounts of data, multi-task, and produce results independently and collaboratively in a team
Empathy for users, passion for using data to make product decisions, experience with user research techniques
Experience in advertising copywriting, journalism, and technical writing
General understanding of Web Technologies - HTML and CSS

About Mozilla

Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. Join us and become part of our mission to promote openness, innovation and opportunity online.

Mozilla is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity throughout our recruiting and hiring process and is dedicated to increasing diversity in our workplace.

#LI-FT1",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=86c3f55e67084beb,86c3f55e67084beb,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Mobile App Developer (Android App Developer),Nonstop io Technologies,"Silver Spring, MD",2020-01-11,"Experience:
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in developing Android apps.
 Mandatory Skills: Android, ORM, SQLite, Volley, REST APIs, Google Firebase Analytics, Push Notifications, Unit testing, development of UI from Zeplin.
 Need Experience in developing new apps from scratch, debugging code, logging, payment integrations, Google Maps integrations, Google Firebase.
 Should be able to work in teams.
 Knowledge of Agile development is mandatory
 Bonus points for Google Flutter development experience.
 The resume should include GitHub link, hackerRank link or any project links.
Send resume to contact@nonstopio.com",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61bfce2f3c56eb6a,61bfce2f3c56eb6a,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Senior Software Engineering Manager,ServiceTitan,"Glendale, CA 91203 (City Center area)",2020-01-11,"Company Description

ServiceTitan is a mobile, cloud-based software platform that helps home services companies streamline operations, improve customer service, and grow their business. ServiceTitan's end-to-end solution for the multi-billion dollar residential home services industry includes CRM, intelligent dispatch, custom reporting, marketing automation, mobile solution for field techs, and accounting integration with Intacct and QuickBooks. ServiceTitan brings a fully operational modern SaaS infrastructure to an industry traditionally underserved by software. ServiceTitan is the preferred software for hundreds of the world's most successful plumbing, HVAC, and electrical companies. For more information about ServiceTitan, visit www.ServiceTitan.com.
Inc 5000 - Best Places to Work, 2019
Los Angeles Business Journal Best Places to Work, 2018
Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Company, 2018
Deloitte Fast 500, 2018
Inc 5000 - Best Places to Work, 2019
Inc. 5000  Americas Fastest Growing Companies, 2018
Glassdoor/Battery Ventures Highest Rated Cloud Computing Companies, 2018
Mogul Top 1000 Companies Worldwide for Millennial Women 2018
Forbes - Next Billion-Dollar Startup List, 2017

Job Description

The Engineering Leadership team at ServiceTitan is responsible for growing the organization and delivering product excellence. We provide exciting opportunities to make an immediate impact in our rapidly growing startup. We are quality minded, use the most modern tools on the Microsoft .NET platform, have an amazing culture, and love to solve complex problems. Over 50,000 people depend on our software to perform all their daily activities. It takes more than one hero/heroine to achieve our product's excellence, which is why we are seeking an Engineering Manager to join our Titan team.
ServiceTitan is looking for an Senior Engineering Manager who will help us lead a team within the engineering organization at ServiceTitan. Do you have what it takes to be a thoughtful, proactive leader who supports their teams, encourages growth, and drives accountability through results? If so, we would love to speak with you!

At ServiceTitan, you will...
Take end to end ownership of team(s) projects
Mentor and guide engineers within your team(s) and occasionally cross team
Help your team to improve their performance, the quality of their work; make major design decisions
Work closely with Recruiting  in particular, interview candidates and co-own activities related to lead generation (e.g. tech talks and blog posts) and screening (HackerRank tests)
Communicate effectively with developers, product managers, customers, partners, and other leaders
The ideal candidate will have...
Most of your work will be leadership and management focused but you will be expected to guide the technology decisions of your team and contribute as needed
4+ years of experience managing small to medium software development teams
5+ years of experience on senior engineering roles (designing APIs, abstractions, and tools used by other engineers)
10+ years of SaaS or Application development experience
Expert-level knowledge of:
Microsoft .NET technology stack (C# / .NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web APIs) and SQL databases (Microsoft SQL Server or any other)
HTML5 and JavaScript; experience with Typescript and React is a plus
Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, performance monitoring
Strong communication and technical writing skills
B.S., M.S. in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or a related technical field

Qualifications

.NET C# Agile Dev Expertise
Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2c601b5c8a1bc23,f2c601b5c8a1bc23,indeed,Hackerrank
new,Data Science Specialist,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-03,"Date Posted: 1/31/2020

Data Science Specialist (multiple openings)

Job Location: Mountain View, CA.

The Data Science Specialist will be responsible for developing applications and data collection strategies to identify and summarize data trends. The Data Science Specialist will apply statistical methods to ensure data accuracy and validity.

Duties include:

Identifying relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect the results;

Developing internal and customer facing web applications for statistical modeling and graphic

analysis;

Architecting, developing and maintaining data warehouses for storing data;

Developing data collection strategy for given projects and determining ideal user/customer cohort

for the project, as well as data schema;

Evaluating data and its sources and determining reliability and usability;

Using statistical methods and procedures to ensure validity, applicability, efficiency, and accuracy of

the data;

Leveraging SQL and Python programming to process large amounts of data for statistical modeling

and graphical analysis;

Data processing by organizing checking for inaccuracies, and adjusting and weighting the raw data.

This position requires a bachelor's degree, or foreign equivalent in CS; Data Analytics; Math, or related field, and three (3) years, experience as a Statistician/Modeling Engineer; Data Scientist, or closely related field. (Will accept internship experience).

Must have experience in:

Statistics, Data Analytics and Machine Learning;

Data exploration experience with Python, SQL, Pandas and Jupyter;

Relational databases such as MySQL, or Postgres.

Automation using Google Cloud, or AWS, or Azure.

Application development in Python, or Ruby, or JavaScript.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_12b0994e&cb=1581338889491&jobListingId=3480001613,3480001613,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Customer Success Operations Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-05,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Customer Success team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View, CA.

As a Customer Success Operations Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy delighting your customers, team effectiveness and efficiency, and are excited to make an impact. Key attributes include: analytical problem solving, strong communication skills, organization, and the ability to ruthlessly prioritize and drive results.

This person should be the swiss army knife of the Customer Success Team and enable the SVP Customer Success's key, strategic initiatives. This role reports to the SVP of Customer Success and you will be their trusted partner in defining customer success objectives, strategy, and tactics, and in implementing processes that scale.What you'll be working on: 

Develop and prioritize a list of key and strategic process improvement projects and initiatives for the Customer Success team, aimed at increasing core KPIs, team efficiency, and customer satisfaction
Work cross-functionally with Finance, Ops, Sales, Product, and various leaders to drive initiatives and projects to fruition. Gain stakeholder buy-in, alignment, and share outcomes.

Relay customer feedback to the Product team
Align with the Support Team on the resolution of major cases and report bugs to the Engineering team
Provide feedback to Sales on the readiness of our customers

Develop and hone team KPIs and goal alignment to Customer Success Manager activities and workload is appropriately demonstrated in goals, and that these individual goals, in turn, lead to the larger team and company goals
Develop a customer health score with a corresponding dashboard to enable better outcomes for customers and spot gaps and/or inefficiencies
Develop a Customer Success Manager playbook on the customer life-cycle that outlines a customer's journey with corresponding activities, reporting, and risk-mitigation tactics
Develop and/or refine the Customer Success Manager onboarding training and schedule for new Customer Success Managers
Develop and coordinate content and training for Customer Success Manager to uplevel skill sets
Tier existing customers, assign them to CSMs, re-distribute workload as needed, and forecast hiring needs
Determine the metrics on which bonuses are based, and define targets for those metrics
Implement and manage the software that facilitates CSM Ops activities

What we're looking for: 

2+ years of experience in developing and implementing best practices, processes, and metrics for customer success teams.
Passion for designing processes that scale
Ability to break down ambiguous problems into concrete, manageable components and think through optimal solutions
Enjoys ""getting their hands dirty"" by digging into complex operations
Takes a high degree of ownership over their work
Clear communicator with a professional presence
Strong listening skills; open to input from other team members and departments
Ability to lead through influence

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_76a3ae7d&cb=1581338889496&jobListingId=3482104511,3482104511,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Product Manager - Enterprise Integrations,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-09,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Product team. This position is full time and based in Mountain View.

As a Product Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy problem-solving, independence, and close customer engagements. You are looking to use your product skills by delivering software integrations with end-to-end ownership and excited to make an impact.

HackerRank is the most connected solution for assessing developer skills during the hiring process with integrations to 14 Applicant Tracking Systems. We are looking for a Product Manager to join the team to own the current integrations and build up our ecosystem.

What you'll be working on:

Drive the enterprise integration strategy for HackerRank for Work and deliver first-party integrations between HackerRank and other hiring solutions, including Applicant Tracking Software, Candidate Relationship Management, and interview scheduling tools.
Develop 3rd party relationships and prioritize integrations roadmap based on business impact
Work directly with customers to capture requirements and design workflows between multiple products
Work with software engineering to build first party integrations
Drive adoption of integrations with customers
Support external developers who want to integrate with our open APIs

What we're looking for:

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or Engineering
2+ years of Technical Product Management experience working with software teams in an agile environment.
Experience coding or designing system architecture. Ability to write an activation diagram for API calls between multiple systems.
Experience with integrating cloud solutions


Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:

HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_11d7b91b&cb=1581338889501&jobListingId=3486888816,3486888816,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Customer Success Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-05,"Were revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. Were growing fast and looking to add to our Customer Success team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View,CA.

As a Customer Success Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRankss mission to Match Every Developer to the Right Job. You enjoy delighting customers and are excited to make an impact.

What youll be working on:


Proactively on-board new paying customers and deeply understand their needs in order to best align our software to their goals. Onboarding may include in person product trainings when and if needed
Increase customer retention by conducting regular check-in meetings and perform quarterly business reviews
Collaborate with our Product, Engineering, and Customer Support teams as necessary to resolve technical bugs and issues
Work alongside our Sales team to identify up-sell opportunities
Track accounts to identify churn risk and work proactively to eliminate that risk
Maintain a deep understanding of the product and speak with customers about the most relevant features/functionality for their specific business needs 

What were looking for:


3+ years experience developing and implementing best practices and processes as a customer success manager
Experience working with large enterprise or fortune 500 companies
Roll up your sleeves problem solver with strategic and tactical experienceExperience with supporting SaaS products is preferred 

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasnt enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 6M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 1,500+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. Were data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_9c8c9c7c&cb=1581338889502&jobListingId=3304229594,3304229594,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Account Executive - Mid Market,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-07,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our sales team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View, CA.

As an Account Executive, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy sales and building relationships and are excited to make an impact.What you'll be working on: 

Leadership by inspiring yourself, our company and your customers to embrace a new method of connecting value to customers
Leverage your skills and your customers' experience to continually evolve the sales process and our product for enabling it
Drive revenue by connecting with customers and building opportunities that will make all parties more successful.
Consistently over-achieve the business and revenue objectives set forth in your plan
Develop and execute on a strategic plan for the territory and create reliable forecasts
Work to develop and circulate the set of best practices that will be the foundation of this growing team
Listen to the needs of the market and share with Product and Marketing team
Real-time CRM tracking and updating of your customers. We use Salesforce, but even if you don't have experience with Salesforce, an understanding of the basics about CRM tool usage is critical, coupled with an appreciation of the value of real-time activity tracking

What we're looking for: 

You're ready and willing to dive headfirst into a fast-paced start-up environment
You have 3+ years of demonstrated ability to find, manage, and close business in a SaaS sales environment
You have an understanding and passion for technology; you love to stay up-to-date on the latest news in the tech world
You are highly analytical with the ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers
You are capable of developing compelling strategies that deliver results
You gather and use data to inform decision making and to persuade others
You have an innate ability to include multiple partners and members of the company's management team using competitive selling in order to position products against direct and indirect competitors
You have strong negotiating skills
You're a forecasting guru
You have a proven record of overachieving quota and driving results in a high-growth company environment.
You have an established reputation as a high integrity top performer
You love to learn and you leverage your internal & external resources to improve every day

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_ca367522&cb=1581338889510&jobListingId=3459646639,3459646639,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Executive Assistant,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-05,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our people team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View.

As an Executive Assistant, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy supporting executives by providing exceptional details to your work and are excited to make an impact.What you'll be working on: 

You will be the face of the company and love to engage with all members of the organization and external clients
Coordinate executive calendars, travel arrangements and expense reports
Facilitate client/internal meetings (booking conference room, entering guests in building visitor system, providing refreshments, and ordering special equipment as needed)
Provide meeting minutes (when applicable)
Set agendas, prepare presentations, document meeting minutes and manage action items
Partner with other cross functional teams on key projects as needed

What we're looking for: 

You have 3+ years experience supporting C-level and executive teams
You are passionate about details and want a place for everything and everything in its place
You care deeply about delighting customers and focus on their needs
You are obsessed with efficiency and want everything to happen smoothly and on time
You are tech savvy and love incorporating new technologies for better efficiency in your daily routine!

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_d1fd9dd8&cb=1581338889511&jobListingId=3482104509,3482104509,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Sales Enablement Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-06,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Sales team. This position is full-time and based ideally in Mountain View, CA.

As a Sales Enablement Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy developing and delivering training and enablement programs and are excited to make an impact.What you'll be working on: 

Develop, execute, and manage learning strategies to enable our global sales and customer success reps and front-line leaders through a variety of learning channels.
Responsible for developing and delivering training and enablement programs to all levels of sales employees (SDR, AE, CS). These include but are not limited to:



New Hire and Ongoing training
Curriculum development
Competency Assessment
Certification Programs
Building community around sales competency and coaching
Global Sales Kickoff

Proactively identify key areas for improvement through coaching, training, process, and/or systems
Maintain all related systems and processes
Continually optimize Sales Enablement best practices as our organization grows
Measure and report on the effectiveness of Sales Enablement investments and programs
Work cross-functionally with marketing, product and engineering, finance and HR and other internal stakeholders
What we're looking for: 

4+ years of sales enablement, training, and coaching experience
Proven global leadership managing a distributed team
Prior Direct Enterprise level Software Sales experience
Demonstrated ability in improving sales and customer success team metrics and goals
Strong sense of urgency and ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast paced, results oriented environment.
Strong analytical & problem solving skills.
Ability to liaise with and motivate individuals at all levels of the organization.

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_3f25454f&cb=1581338889513&jobListingId=3458810038,3458810038,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Lead Business Intelligence Analyst,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-03,"Date Posted: 1/31/2020

Lead Business Intelligence Analyst (multiple openings)

Job Location: Mountain View, CA

With a high degree of independence and minimum oversight the Lead Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for and overseeing all BI efforts within the company, directly supporting Customer Success, Sales, Marketing and Executives. Duties include:

Delivering key reports and analytics that drive business decision-making, including understanding

customer health, general business processes, sales intelligence, marketing spend, and key

dashboards for executives;

Keeping up to date on latest analytics methodologies, actively participating in key conferences;

Evangelizing analytics within the organization, including on-boarding of new employees and

educating leadership on best data-driven analytics standards;

Mentoring junior analysts on best practices in BI analytics;

Overseeing and ensuring the usage of the best tools and technologies for analytics.

This position requires a master's degree, or foreign equivalent in BIA; BIZ Analytics/Admin; BI; or related field, and three (3) years, experience as a Business Intelligence Analyst; Business Analyst; Tech Consultant or closely related field.

Must have experience with:

At least one of the following statistical modeling techniques: Linear Regression, or Logistic

Regression;

Data Visualization;

At least one of the following BI tools: Tableau, Or Power BI;

SQL;

Data Wrangling;

At least any one of the following data-oriented programming languages: Python, or R, or Julia.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_4b30502b&cb=1581338889514&jobListingId=3479995990,3479995990,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Senior Staff Solution Engineer,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-03,"Date Posted:1/31/2020

Senior Staff Solution Engineer (multiple openings)

Job Location: Mountain View, CA, and travel required to various unanticipated customer sites throughout the U.S.

With a high degree of independent decision-making capability and minimum supervision, the Senior Staff Solution Engineer will be responsible for customizing HackerRanks proprietary software and implementing the product suite with other systems within a clients environment.

Duties include:

Providing leadership and project coordination for customer engagement with our largest and best

customer;

Participating and leading of cross-functional initiatives to improve customer experience, renewal rates,

and initial product acceptance success

Analyzing the technical functionality of our proprietary software as it relates to user requirements;

including coordinating the implementation of our proprietary software;

Developing, documenting, and revising system design procedures, test procedures, and quality

standards;

Interfacing with members of the executive team, development team, and end-users to ensure our

products match user requirements;

Assisting with the creation of technical documentation and support material;

Analyzing end-user feedback, failure reports and user data to recommend design improvements to the

user experience;

Educating and training our sales and customer success teams on the features and use of proprietary

products;

Travel required to various unanticipated customer sites throughout the U.S.

This position requires a master's degree, or foreign equivalent in CS, CIS, IT, or closely related field, and three (3) years, experience as a CSA, SW Egr/DEV, IT, or related field. We will also accept bachelor's degree in CS, CIS, IT, or closely related field + 5 years of progressive experience as CSA, SW EGR/DEV, IT or related occupation.

Must have experience with:

At least any two of the following programming languages: JAVA, Python, GO, C#, C++, C, JavaScript, Scala,

Swift, PHP, Ruby, Rust;

At least any one of the following frameworks, libraries and tools: JQuery, React, Angular/Angular.JS,

ASP.Net, Express, Django, Spring, Node.JS, Apache Spark, Hadoop, Puppet, Chef;

At least any one of the following development platforms: LINUX/UNIX, Windows, Docker, AWS, Google

Could Platform, Kubernetes;

At least any one of the following data concepts: Data Science, Machine Learning, Data Engineering,

Datacenter Architectures, Data Backup and Recovery.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=182894&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_a26cbd81&cb=1581338889518&jobListingId=3480017662,3480017662,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Sr. Campaign & Demand Generation Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-03,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Marketing team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View, CA.

As a Sr. Campaign & Demand Generation Manager, you will play a key role in driving quality demand gen programs to fill the SDR pipeline. You'll define and identify target segments and develop, plan, execute and measure integrated marketing programs to move the business forward. We are growing rapidly and looking for a strong performer, self-motivated marketer who is not afraid to push the limits of their skill sets and is looking for a place to learn, grow and thrive. This position will report to the VP of Demand Generation.

What you'll be working on:

You're a strong demand gen marketer who is equally comfortable having conversations about account-based marketing programs and pipeline generation as they are about analytic workloads
As a hands-on campaign manager, you're comfortable working on your own campaigns and making strategic decisions quickly. You're a ""get stuff done person"" that can juggle multiple programs and thrive in the execution details
Define, plan, execute and optimize integrated demand generation programs and ABM through multiple channels including email, webinars, digital, and nurture
Partner with the Sales team to ensure quality demand delivery and follow-up; Create a feedback loop and continuously improve and optimize lead hand-off processes in conjunction with the revenue operations team
Collaborate with the Content, Brand, Product Marketing and other teams to manage the day-to-day execution, monitoring and optimization of demand marketing programs
Maintain a data-first approach - Measure, analyse, and report on all campaigns for effectiveness and ROI leveraging our closed loop reporting framework, making decisions based on data insights
Leverage Marketo and SFDC expertise, as well as your strong writing skills, to self-execute campaigns
You'll set the example as an A-player for other campaign managers, so you'll be expected to 'know your stuff' and hit the ground running

What we're looking for:

6+ years of experience in B2B enterprise software marketing with specific focus on demand generation
A solid background in B2B digital marketing best practices with a clear understanding of execution, optimization, and KPIs
Strong analytical skills with experience providing regular reports on the performance of digital channels, effectively communicating results and recommendations for next steps
Proven success with the challenge of taking initiative from concept through to implementation
Drive stakeholders alignment to gather necessary information to ensure that our sales team have all they need to be successful
Solid experience with ABM tactics as well as email, direct mail, search, display and social marketing techniques
Thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and are comfortable exercising influence without authority to align teams around your marketing objectives
Thrive in situations where you don't have all the information to make decisions but resourceful enough to find the information yourself.
You take pride in the ownership of your results and over-deliver every quarter on your KPIs
Strong with Marketo (certification a plus), Lead Scoring, and Salesforce


Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks


We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:

HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_b782bf74&cb=1581338889519&jobListingId=3479998479,3479998479,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Field Marketing Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-02,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Marketing team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View, CA.

As a Field Marketing Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy partnering closely with Marketing and Sales Teams to develop an event strategy that best positions our company with our target customers to create amazing standout events, and are excited to make an impact.

HackerRank is seeking an experienced Field and Event Marketer to join our growing marketing team. We are looking for a self motivated problem-solver with excellent written and oral communications skills. Events have been a core part of our success story to date so this role is at the center of taking HackerRank to the next level. We are seeking a candidate who is an A player and passionate about driving excellent results. The position will report to VP of Demand Generation.

What you'll be working on:

Drive strategy for determining which events to attend, how to engage at each event, and how events feed into the business goals of the company
Execute flawless events globally through managing all aspects of event coordination including: budgeting, event and program messaging, materials creation, signage/giveaways, contract negotiation, vendor relations, site selection, accommodations, participant registration, agenda scheduling, staffing, on-site production, F&B, and logistics
Partner with Sales and SDR leadership to develop high touch C-level events, field events, events-in-a-box, and roadshows
Own marketing campaign strategy to drive event attendance and ensure on-site engagement, meetings, and conversion from attendees
Coordinate with sales and customer success to follow up on leads from each event and track ongoing to close the loop on pipeline generation and revenue
Lead cross-team collaboration and communication among internal event stakeholders, such as management, sales, and customer success, as well as external vendors and our event agency
Own event KPIs through evaluation of performance, post-event ROI tracking, and wrap-up reports

What we're looking for:

7+ years of direct event and field marketing experience building a successful events program at a B2B technology company
Proven effectiveness in budgeting, contract negotiations, and vendor management
Solid understanding of event technology -- promotion, registration, onsite lead capture and reporting
Extremely organized, self-starter, detail-oriented, and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and trying new things
Strong experience working with a cross-functional marketing team, demonstrating understanding of the various marketing functions such as product marketing, demand generation, and comms
Data-driven mindset with an orientation towards analyzing ROI of events
Willing and able to travel up to 25% of the time


Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:

HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_2abb60ea&cb=1581338889520&jobListingId=3479651738,3479651738,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Lead Data Engineer,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-03,"Date Posted: 1/31/2020

Lead Data Engineer (multiple openings)

Job Location: Mountain View, CA

The Lead Data Engineer is responsible for designing and building our data platform which would support machine learning model deployment, business intelligence and analytics workloads.

Duties include:

Overseeing and being responsible for HackerRanks data warehouse solution; defining database

schemas for core tables in the warehouse Implement data pipelines (ETL) to generate core tables;

ensure all data pipelines are cost and performance efficient;

Evangelizing data warehouse throughout the organization and ensuring warehouse supports key use

cases for all stakeholders and core products;

Implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to all data within

HackerRank;

Staying up to date on all data engineering technologies, and attending and presiding at conferences,

and educating internal teams on new advances;

Developing appropriate documentation to ensure consistency, standardization and efficient

collaboration among all engineering teams;

Participating as a core decision-maker in selecting technologies associated with our warehouse and

data pipelines;

Leading architecture decisions involving data and monitoring;

Mentoring junior engineers on best practices in coding.

This position requires a master's degree, or foreign equivalent in CS, EE, SW Egr, IT, or closely related field, and three (3) years, experience as a Data/Proj Egr; Cnslt; SW Dev/Egr or closely related field.

Must have experience in:

At least one of the programming languages: Python, Java or Scala;

Big data fundamentals such as Map Reduce, Batch Data Pipelines, and Data Lake;

At least one of the data storage formats: PARQUET, or AVRO;

At least one of the relational databases: MySQL, Postgres, or Oracle;

At least one of the data warehouse technologies: Redshift, Big Query, Or Azure Data Warehouse;

Hadoop ecosystem, such as HIVE and SPARK.

At least one of the cloud providers: AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure;

Linux.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=211114&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_5b649781&cb=1581338889522&jobListingId=3479974176,3479974176,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Regional VP of Enterprise Sales,HackerRank,"Ashland, OR",2020-01-11,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our sales team. This position is full-time and based either in Mountain View, CA or remote on the West Coast.

As an RVP of Enterprise Sales - West, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy coaching and mentoring sales teams, helping them achieve their quotas are excited to make an impact.

What you'll be working on:

Motivate individuals and team to exceed objectives through coaching, regular broadcast of results, and creative incentives
Drive team growth, revenue quota, organizational health, and customer satisfaction
Hold sales reps accountable for defined sales performance plans
Perform regular pipeline reviews and accurately forecast sales pipeline with Executive team
Hire, mentor, train and retain a world class team
Identify and make recommendations for improvement in the areas of Process, Efficiency, Productivity
Work with Marketing to create and implement demand generation activities
Create and execute quarterly KPI's

What we're looking for:

Minimum 6+ years of direct sales experience in the software industry; start-up and SaaS


experience preferred.



Minimum 2+ years of sales management experience with team achieving $2 million + quota
Minimum 2+ years of sales management experience supporting 6-figure + plus deals
Consistent track record of measuring / achieving / exceeding sales quota
Have a repeatable sales process and methodology
Ability to identify strategic customer pains and develop unique and compelling value propositions that


focus on delivering business value to the client



Successful at engaging with all levels in an organization - comfortable with C-level executives
Outstanding communication, organizational and time management skills.
Bachelor's Degree
Understanding of SaaS industry
Have experience with a variety of software business tools, including SFDC, Google Docs, Excel
You are a hardworking, self-starter with ability to coach and motivate a team


Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:

HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 2,000+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SDL2017",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=176976&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_1abc0e71&cb=1581338889526&jobListingId=3434914841,3434914841,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Front End Engineer,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-04,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our engineering team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View.

As a Front End Engineer, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy using modern front-end technology (e.g. React, Redux), thinking creatively, passionate about solving problems, building something users would love and are excited to make an impact.

What you'll be working on:

Translate business requirements into technical specifications, review, prepare and present design/code to colleagues, communicate with stakeholders
Design and implement a modern React.js, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, and JQuery platform
Design and implement reusable web UI components
A passion for quality and deliver well-tested solutions
Collaborate in an Agile environment

What we're looking for:

5+ years of Front End Development in object-oriented JavaScript
Used advanced concepts of HTML/HTML5, React Js, CSS/CSS3 and JavaScript, jQuery
Built frontend using AJAX, REST and JSON
Created components in React
Used state management library like Redux
Used unit testing framework (Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jest, etc.)
Called REST APIs with React Components (Promise, Fetch, etc.)
Familiarity with common front end development tools such as Webpack, Babel, NPM, Git, etc.
Familiarity with NGINX, Docker, Kubernetes, CLI, AWS services


Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:



Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:

HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 6M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 1,500+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SDL2017",Hot,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=211113&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_ba56be1f&cb=1581338889493&jobListingId=3480380808,3480380808,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Support Engineer,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-04,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our customer success team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View.

As a Senior Support Engineer, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy working closely with our customers and ensure a fast and accurate response. You will use your technical expertise to diagnose and resolve complex customer issues and are excited to make an impact.What you'll be working on: 

Helping answer technical queries by recruiters, engineering hiring managers, and developers.



For eg: how do you ensure that a Python code is given the same CPU resources as a C++ code to ensure fairness in evaluation since Python is a slower (interpreted) language than C++ (compiled)?


Taking ownership of customer issues reported and seeing problems through to resolution
Researching, diagnosing, troubleshooting and identifying solutions to resolve system issues
Following standard procedures for proper escalation of unresolved issues to the appropriate internal teams

What we're looking for: 

0 to 2 years of development and/or technical experience
Strong CS fundamentals with working knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Great communication skills and the ability to provide the best customer service for our customers
Ability to articulate an idea or a thought in a way that the audience will understand

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 6M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 1,500+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",Hot,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_c0860797&cb=1581338889498&jobListingId=3080911961,3080911961,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Renewals Manager,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-02-04,"We're revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. We're growing fast and looking to add to our Sales team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View, CA or can be worked remote anywhere in the US .

As a Renewals Manager, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRanks's mission to ""Match Every Developer to the Right Job"". You enjoy quarterbacking the renewal sales process with customer success and sales, discovery of upsell opportunities, negotiating pricing, contract negotiations and are excited to make an impact.What you'll be working on: 

Responsible for all the phases of the renewal sales process - proactively contacting all customers with expiring contracts, generating renewal quotes, ensuring renewals are complete, and maintaining contact with CSM/AE regularly throughout the year for health checks.
Manage a pipeline of renewal opportunities and deliver results against monthly, quarterly and yearly forecast objectives and maintain a 4-month rolling forecast and track sales activity in SFDC.
Interact with other departments including Customer Success, Product, Finance, Sales, and Marketing to meet and deliver customer requirements/expectations
Coordination with Customer Success Managers to provide responses and resolutions to issues in a timely manner
Leverage the renewal activity to promote upsells
Provide Service of Incomparable Excellence
Work with the customers and customer success managers to ensure they are maximizing products and achieving success
Generate renewal reminders, quotes and agreements

What we're looking for: 

You have 3+ years of experience selling / negotiating - contracts, renewals, procurement etc.
You truly believe in creating a partnership with the customer - ""consultative selling"" is more than just a clich or buzzword to you
You are hungry...not just for the money but also to truly transform the world of recruiting
You have an analytical bend of mind - from prospecting to proposals, data drives your success
You understand how to speak with recruiting, engineering and procurement because you understand the different reasons various stakeholders care about the same product
You're not afraid to get dirty in the technology - this is a product for engineers, by engineers, and about engineers - you're ready to understand it on all levels

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn't enough. 
We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 7M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 1,500+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. We're data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",Hot,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_56a7d7ef&cb=1581338889499&jobListingId=3385811968,3385811968,glassdoor,Hackerrank
new,Solutions Engineer,HackerRank,"Mountain View, CA",2020-01-16,"Were revolutionizing tech hiring by giving companies a skills-based hiring platform that allows them to effectively assess technical skills. We're a friendly, motivated, and passionate bunch looking for more smiling faces to join us. Were growing fast and looking to add to our customer success team. This position is full-time and based in Mountain View.

As a Solutions Engineer, you will play a pivotal part in HackerRankss mission to Match Every Developer to the Right Job. You enjoy driving time-to-value engagement and sustainable success with our customers through implementation and health-checks of our customers and are excited to make an impact.What youll be working on: 

Answer technical queries by customers both pre-sale & post-sale.

For eg: how do you ensure that a Python code is given the same CPU resources as a C++ code to ensure fairness in evaluation since Python is a slower (interpreted) language than C++ (compiled)?

Ensuring the tests are implemented right. For every role and level and set of challenges that are appropriate.
You will need to ensure that any question that HackerRank or the customer creates follows the framework
Monitor the performance of the assessment challenges and review the health using data
Working with our customers specifically developers and hiring managers
Provide the right recommendations to tweak the test to maximize the onsite to offer performance
Work with our customers and provide product and feature improvements to drive projects with our engineering and product teams

What were looking for: 

2+ years experience interacting with technical customer audiences
Current on technical skills and the ability to code a solution to a HackerRank challenge
Knowledge of our tech stack and being able to communicate that to our prospective customers
Strong CS fundamentals with working knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Great communication skills and the ability to provide the best customer service for our customers
Ability to articulate an idea or a thought in a way that the audience will understand
Passion for our mission of matching every developer to the right job using data instead of pedigree

Benefits & Perks: As if working alongside the smartest brains wasnt enough.

We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks which include:


Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Unlimited paid time off, paid leave for new parents, and flexible work hours
Employee stock options, 401(k) options, commuter benefits, and cell phone stipend
Daily free lunches and delicious snacks

About HackerRank:HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs with total funding of over $58 million. We have a community of 6M+ developers who trust HackerRank as their go-to spot for learning new languages, practicing for interviews, and participating in hackathons. 1,500+ customers such as LinkedIn, Stripe, and Peloton rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. Were data-driven givers who take full ownership of our work and love delighting our customers!

HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment on the basis of individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",Hot,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001702f248c4882859823cdc27f87&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_c9689bc1&cb=1581338889516&jobListingId=3032283966,3032283966,glassdoor,Hackerrank
