status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Audience Operations Analyst,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-23,"As a member of the larger Audience Solutions team, you are among the first to engage with clients and prospects looking to use our audience data to reach the companies and people they care about, through primarily paid-media initiatives. You offer helpful guidance in achieving campaign objectives, and work collaboratively with both clients and team members to maximize value for all stakeholders. In this role, expect to work directly with industry-leading Fortune 500 companies and top 50 advertising agencies, from around the world.

What you'll do:

Assist clients in devising creative and effective targeting strategies at the pre-sales stage
Function as a brand ambassador for Bombora, educating current and prospective clients about the power and breadth of our offering
Oversee successful audience creation, implementation, maintenance and insights
Facilitate delivery of custom data deliverables to ad-buying platforms
Collaborate with the Product, Sales, and Engineering teams to further develop and improve Bombora products
Support new and existing customer growth through in-person demos, client calls, conference attendance and consultation
Serve as primary point of contact for customer data requests
Manage ongoing partner integrations and relationships
Proactively monitor segment performance, and troubleshooting as necessary

Experience and Qualifications:

A bachelor's degree from 4-year university, or equivalent experience preferred
Customer service oriented; responsiveness to inbound requests is critical
Methodical, highly organized, and detail-oriented
Ability to successfully operate autonomously, and as a member of a team, to complete tasks in a timely manner
Proficient in Microsoft Excel
Strong problem-solving skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Passion for data or technology
Knowledge of digital advertising ecosystem including ad serving, Demand Side Platform and Data Management Platform technologies. (BlueKai/Oracle Data Cloud, Eyeota, AppNexus, LiveRamp, Turn, DBM, MediaMath, etc.)

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=46dbd94a43f6561b,46dbd94a43f6561b,indeed,Bombora
new,Summer 2020 Innovations & Partnerships Integrated Marketing...,CBS,"New York, NY 10176 (Murray Hill area)",2020-01-11,"REF#: 35907
CBS BUSINESS UNIT: CBS Interactive
JOB TYPE: Paid Intern
JOB SCHEDULE:
JOB LOCATION: New York, NY
ABOUT US:
CBS Interactive is the premier online content network for information and online operations of CBS Corporation as well as some of the top native digital brands in the entertainment industry. Our brands dive deep into the things people care about across entertainment, technology, news, games, business and sports. With over 1 billion users visiting our properties every quarter, we are a global top 10 web property and one of the largest premium content networks online.
Check us out on [1] The Muse, [2] Instagram and [3] YouTube for an inside look into 'Life At CBSi' through employee testimonials, office photos and company updates.
References
Visible links
https://www.themuse.com/companies/cbsinteractive
https://www.instagram.com/cbsinteractive/?hl=en
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAvGapyifCtUlmNTagAl_sQ
DESCRIPTION:
Division Overview:
The mission of CBSis Integrated Marketing team is to drive revenue by translating and shaping assets into innovative, impactful experiences for brands and consumers. With revenue as our #1 focus, we balance business requirements and user experience, understanding both advertiser needs and consumer behaviors.
Consultative selling is at the core of what we do, and our focus is always on our clients KPIs. We use data and insight-led inspirational storytelling, CBSis industry-leading technology and premium, captivating content, and world class design and production capabilities to develop solutions that drive results.
Role Details:
The Innovation & Partnerships team is responsible for developing high-performing ad and data solutions in response to evolving client needs, emerging technologies, product changes and shifts in consumer behavior to create impactful ad experiences that deliver value to brands and consumers. This role will be focused on data strategy and vendor management, where youll be working closely with the Integrated Marketing Manager on data targeting opportunities and audience data-related requests.
Your Day-to-Day:
Support the I&P Manager on audience data client requests from various teams including Sales, Integrated Marketing, Yield, and Programmatic
Develop proactive sales-related materials including one-sheets, presentations, and case studies
Assist I&P team and Client Solutions with responses to client RFPs
Attend weekly meetings with internal Data, Product and BI teams to advance CBSis data strategy
Assist I&P team on testing and development of new data products
Manage basic audience data requests utilizing Adobe Audience Manager and Analytics, Google Ad Manager, Bombora UI, PushSpring UI, and other partners
Formulate strong working relationships with internal departments that are key to audience data opportunities such as Integrated Marketing, Data Desk, Yield, Research/BI and Programmatic
Assist in communication with 3rd party data providers such as Oracle Data Cloud, SambaTV, PushSpring, and Eyeota
Maintain internal sales portals and associated assets for audience data
Participate in ideation and development of audience data opportunities for various verticals and CBSi brands that tailor to a myriad of different clients
Manage benchmark ad performance reporting and documentation
Logistics:
This is a paid internship and can also be for university credit if it meets your university's guidelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
What you bring to the team:
You have -
An aptitude and enthusiasm towards gaining more knowledge around collection of data and data targeting for media campaigns
Proficiency in Microsoft applications with a strong emphasis towards PPT
Proficiency in Google applications such as Google Doc, Google Sheets, Google PPT
Extremely detail-oriented and organized; capable of multi-tasking between several requests and projects
Excellent communication skills - both verbal and written. Able to communicate effectively and collaboratively with various teams, keeping in mind the nuances and perspectives of his/her audience
You might also have -
Experience with Salesforce, Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Analytics, is a plus
Familiarity with digital media and TV landscape is a plus
Knowledge in audience data targeting is a plus
Additional requirements:
Intern must be a student currently enrolled in an accredited college or university
Must be at least 18 years old
EEO STATEMENT:
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fec70eb5c7537d2c,fec70eb5c7537d2c,indeed,Bombora
new,Human Resources Generalist,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-11,"We are looking for a highly motivated HR Generalist who can think on their feet and be a vital member of the Reno Leadership Team. Reporting to the VP of HR, you will work closely with the Reno team on ways to support company business objectives while creating a positive and productive environment for our employees. You will also drive strategy around inclusion and transparency. In this role, you will oversee benefits, administration, compliance, FMLA, employee relations and engagement, development, performance and training, organizational design, offer letters, comp, onboarding and reporting. You will also support Talent Acquisition in recruitment activities. We are looking for a strong solutions-seeker that will help transform our business and help develop and grow our world-class team.

Responsibilities include:

Support all internal and external HR related matters
Assist with the recruitment process issuing offer letters and managing onboarding
Recommend strategies for employee retention and continuous motivation of employees
Manage investigations of any employee complaints
Work with manager on employee development plans and performance management
Prepare reports for company meetings, create comprehensive people reports upon request
Keep up to date with the latest HR trends and best practices
Liaise with external immigration lawyers to assist employees who are eligible to apply for and maintain work visas
Assist employees through the leave process; ensuring completion of paperwork and understanding of their rights

Ideally, you will have:

Bachelor's Degree in HR, Business, Communications, Psychology or other related disciplines
4+ year experience in a HR Generalist or HRBP role at a tech company or start-up
Thorough understanding of labor laws and regulations
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience managing external benefits partners and vendors
Experience managing compensation process
Strong decision-making and problem-solving skills

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c105a86967b16e29,c105a86967b16e29,indeed,Bombora
new,"Sr. Analyst, 1:1 ABM (Enterprise, HLS, RCG)",Salesforce,"Indianapolis, IN",2020-02-04,"Job Category
Marketing
Job Details
Salesforce is looking for a world-class marketer to support account-based marketing programs in our RCG business, Enterprise Business, and HLS business- creating year-long, personalized marketing journeys for top accounts throughout the duration of a fiscal year.


Working in close partnership with both sales and marketing internal partners, the individual in this role will work cross-functionally to drive alignment around an agreed-upon, account-specific strategy, and will then own the creation and execution of these cross-channel journeys for up to 10 accounts. This role will report to the Director, 1:1 Segment & RCG ABM and be based in either Indy or Burlington.


Primary Responsibilities:
Partner with both Marketing & AE-level Sales team members to drive alignment around the right 1:1 ABM strategy for a named account (for up to 10 accounts in total per year) to drive pipeline and revenue beyond traditional marketing tactics.
This includes collaborating on research about the best tactics for that named account, and then pulling together the comprehensive cross-channel Account-Based Marketing Plan for all 10 of their accounts for final sign-off from Sales & Marketing.
Once an Account Plan is in place, executing on that plan with customer-driven, end-to-end marketing strategies and long-term programs that are 100% tailored to each account to increase demand, deepen relationships through values-led marketing, and meet pipeline goals throughout the funnel.
Use data to adapt and refine those programs ongoing throughout the year to drive for the best outcome
To accomplish the above, this individual will serve as ongoing quarter back/coordinator across multiple internal stakeholders to deliver seamless campaigns to the designated top 10 accounts
This includes things like hosting ongoing AE-level alignment meetings, as well as ensuring overall performance is communicated to Marketing partners, so theyre empowered to communicate at the RVP+ level.
Additional Responsibilities Include:
Budget management at the account level
Vendor & agency management
Data analysis
Performance readouts & QBRs to share trends, opportunities for growth and key wins
Exec-level briefings in form of meetings, presentations, and other forms of communication
Requirements :
3-5 years marketing experience in a role managing and developing integrated marketing campaigns ( ie. email, direct mail, print, online and /or social media). Ideal candidate will have a proven track record with cross-channel marketing journeys or ABM campaigns
2+ years running and building Account Based Marketing programs - including data-driven account selection, partnering with cross-functional teams, managing multiple deliverables, and tracking/reporting results
Team player with a willingness to jump in and help with any project, no matter how small
Knowledge of Salesforce (including internal structure as well as our products & solutions)
High energy and the ability to manage multiple initiatives/accounts at one time
Track record for delivering results under tight deadlines
Experience managing budgets, allocating & optimizing spend
Exceptional organizational skills with rigorous attention to detail and strong project management skills
Ability to analyze data to make performance improvements
Strong understanding of demand generation and a track record of owning targeted, personalized campaigns
Strong communication skills across many channels, including compelling story telling with PowerPoint/Google Slides
Passion for creating campaigns that put the customer at the center of the marketing experience
Past experience using ABM Tools like Demandbase, Terminus, Engagio, Bombora, Salesforce and/or other marketing tools such as Marketo, Eloqua, Responsys, Google Analytics, Omniture, etc.
Accessibility - If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .
Posting Statement
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7ae1045444553d00,7ae1045444553d00,indeed,Bombora
new,Senior Recruiter,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-11,"Job Overview  Responsible for full life-cycle recruiting, hiring and onboarding, and delivering an awesome new joiner experience. This role will play a critical role in ensuring we are hiring the best possible talent to join our unique company and culture on this awesome journey!

Ideal candidate will have a strong recruiting background coupled with the desire and knowledge to branch out into more of what HR has to offer. This position will be responsible for the management of various HR functions including full lifecycle recruitment, talent metrics and reporting, develop position descriptions and job postings, source resumes and post positions, screen candidate resumes against position requirements, schedule and conduct phone and in person interviews. Successful candidate will want to be true a business partner to hiring managers and help build great teams as we grow and expand our business.

The Opportunity:

Manage full lifecycle recruiting and update managers regularly on the recruitment process, making recommendations for improvements and enhancements to the recruitment strategy.
Partner with hiring managers to identify requirements and understand business needs as well as build strong relationships with hiring teams.
Coordinate and implement college recruiting initiatives.
Develop, track and report on talent 'metrics that matter' including time to hire, time to fill, open role aging, etc.
Conduct regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementation.
Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need.
Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting.
Communicate with managers and employees regularly to establish rapport, gauge morale, and source new candidate leads.

What you Bring to the Table:

Bachelor's degree along with 3-4 years of in-house recruiting experience in both technical and non-technical positions.
Experience with ATS; Greenhouse knowledge preferred
Demonstrated ability to maintain the highly confidential nature of human resources work.
Ability to travel for recruitment meetings, college visits, and career fairs and maintain a flexible work schedule.
Excellent organizational skills.
Ability to coach and support managers during the recruitment process.
Must be able to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner.
Proven communication, collaboration and relationship management skills
Critical thinking and evaluation skills.
Applied knowledge of local, state and federal guidelines and regulations related to recruiting
Demonstrated resourcefulness and initiative, at times with limited resources.
Comfortable with uncertainty; you thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment.
HR Generalist experience a plus, including compliance and employing pragmatic best practices in people programs and processes.

If you are looking for a great company and a job that involves a variety of different tasks, where you won't be bored, we want to hear from you!

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8770f033a7c485ce,8770f033a7c485ce,indeed,Bombora
new,"Sr. Director, Digital Marketing",C3.ai,"Redwood City, CA",2020-01-11,"C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai ( http://www.c3.ai/ )

We are looking for a seasoned and motivated Senior Director, Digital Marketing to lead C3.ai's digital marketing efforts across all phases of the customer lifecyclefrom brand awareness and consideration, to purchase and advocacy.

As a member of C3.ai's growing marketing team, the Senior Director, Digital Marketing will lead digital demand generation, developing digital initiatives in concert with sales and product leaders to help attract new customers, convert prospects, and engage key accounts. This role will also oversee C3.ai's corporate web site (www.c3.ai ( http://www.c3.ai )) and digital advertising budget, and will be responsible for optimizing C3.ai's digital advertising to support pipeline growth goals.

The successful candidate must have significant experience personally implementing a B2B Account-based Marketing platform that includes an intent engine (e.g., Bombora), personalization engine (e.g., Optimizely, Folloze), enterprise content management system (e.g., Percolate, Adobe Enterprise Manager), and ABM engagement applications (e.g., Engagio, Terminus).

In addition, the Sr. Director, Digital Marketing will lead the digital transformation of C3.ai's MarTech stack, identifying gaps, building the business requirements for new systems, and managing the launch of new marketing technologies. This role will also oversee digital reporting and analytics, managing the digital marketing team's KPIs and diagnostic dashboards.

This role is integral in supporting C3.ai's growth goals. This position requires a high level of initiative, deep expertise in account-based marketing, as well as the ability to use data-driven insights to optimize digital marketing efforts. Top-notch organizational skills and high attention to detail are a must.

Candidates should be able to understand complex details across business and technology, business processes, and economic value, and translate that understanding into compelling campaigns that attract and convert prospects.

A successful candidate will thrive in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment and demonstrate an ability to execute precisely and quickly. He or she must possess a strong understanding of enterprise software and have examples of previous digital campaigns that showcase tangible results.

Your Responsibilities:

Oversee C3.ai's corporate website, including content, UX and MarTech
Develop and implement a comprehensive digital marketing strategy including account-based marketing, display advertising, social marketing, paid search, SEO, and SEM to progress the pipeline.
Responsible for the delivery of all SEO-related tasks and deliverables, such as Competitive SEO Analysis, Keyword Analysis (Scorecard), and Link Analysis Report
Lead reporting and analytics for C3.ai's digital marketing efforts. Deliver weekly campaign performance reports to all campaign owners. Manage all marketing activity tracking for attribution and ROI reporting.
Build and lead C3.ai's growing digital marketing team, including Content Marketing, Social Marketing, Paid Search, SEO, SEM and more.
Generate monthly reports on campaign performance
Proactively collaborate with internal stakeholders and manage external vendors.

Requirements:

10+ years' experience developing and executing digital marketing strategies that increase brand awareness, drive pipeline growth and increase customer advocacy.
Experience managing a diverse team of digital marketers, including experts in content marketing, social marketing, paid search, SEO, and SEM.
Deep expertise in all aspects of MarTech, including lead management, analytics and reporting, content and social, and sales enablement
Exceptional organizational skills and accountability. Ability to oversee multiple work streams simultaneously and equally comfortable delegating or owning tasks, no matter how big or small.
Ability to work successfully in a quickly-changing environment.
Proven success of leveraging in-house experts as well as partnering with external agencies.
Familiarity with AI/machine learning, IoT, big data, and cloud technology

C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:


Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.

C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=398c2d39e027ddaa,398c2d39e027ddaa,indeed,Bombora
new,Software Engineering Manager,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-11,"Bombora provides a global B2B intent platform powered by the world's largest publisher data co-op. Our data allows sales teams to base their actions on the knowledge of which companies are in-market for their products, and empowers marketing teams to practice #SustainableMarketing.

We process billions of content interactions daily to detect intent signals from companies around the world. We practice agile development, with over 30 applications created and supported internally. We are polyglot, primarily using C#, Java, and Python. Substantial portions of our workload are containerized or serverless, and we are continually evaluating and adopting new tools and practices.

We are looking for a Software Engineering Manager based in our Reno, NV ( https://goo.gl/maps/8Be5dtZ9NFN2 ) office. This is a full-time position with competitive benefits, compensation, and equity.

What you will do

You will join the Engineering Department and will:

Manage, organize, and grow a high-performing team of software engineers.
Mentor and support your team.
Be responsible for the happiness, success, and personal development of your team.
Inspire, empower and challenge your team to be their best.
Work with the product team to help inform priorities and refine stories in the backlog.
Diligently manage and reduce technical debt across the code base.
Facilitate design meetings and advocate for the use of patterns and best practices.
Design, Implement, maintain and refactor full-stack applications, libraries and workflows.
Implement systems that run at scale on Google's Cloud Dataflow, Kubernetes, Pub/Sub, and BigQuery platforms.
Use test-driven development to deliver high-quality, high-performance solutions that are delivered in rapid iterations.

What we are looking for

Your background


Experience: 8+ years of commercial software development experience, with 3+ years of engineering management experience.
Education: B.S. / M.S. / Ph.D. / A.B.D. in computer science, physics, electrical engineering, applied mathematics, or a related degree, or other significant experience.
Fluency:
8+ years of experience developing in C# and Java.
8+ years of experience with SQL databases.
4+ years of working with data at scale using modern distributed processing technologies, ideally including Google BigQuery, Google Dataflow (Apache Beam) or Apache Spark.

Management skills


Exceptional communication skills
Planning and resourcing
The ability to motivate the team
Empathy
A servant leadership management style
A passion for mentoring and developing others

Technical skills


TDD + Agile Methodologies
Design patterns and best practices
C# and/or Java
SQL / Google BigQuery
Git
Kubernetes
Data processing pipelines, such as Cloud Dataflow (Apache Beam)

Bonus points for experience in


HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
React and/or Angular
NET & ASP.NET Core
Python

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cbae239cdfc9fa22,cbae239cdfc9fa22,indeed,Bombora
new,Senior Product Manager,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-11,"We are seeking a talented Senior Product Manager to join a high performance team to help set strategic direction and expand our data-oriented products. As a Senior Product Manager, you'll lead a cross-functional team to refine and execute our product roadmap. You'll collaborate with the development team daily to deliver clear requirements, manage development schedules, and own overall product life cycle.

What you'll do:

Participate in creating the vision, strategy, and roadmap for your team.
Gather requirements from stakeholders, define user stories and acceptance criteria, refine features with the development team, and establish KPIs for all stages of the product.
Take a data-driven approach to prioritize the backlog and collaborate closely with the development team to ensure delivery on project execution.
Perform market analysis and vendor evaluation to expand our offerings.
Gather feedback from internal and external stakeholders, and turn them into feature enhancements.
Communicate project status to stakeholders, external partners, and customers.

What you bring to the table:

5+ years of Product Management experience in a fast-paced agile environment.
Proven track record in delivering large and complex data products and services.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up a hypothesis, and drive action.
Proven experience in defining big visions and inspiring the team to deliver impactful products.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams.
Experience working with databases to extract, analyze, and interpret data sets.
BA/BS degree.

Bonus points for experience in:

Building products and solutions for MarTech/AdTech
Delivering products based on data at scale

About Bombora

Bombora provides a global B2B intent platform powered by the world's largest publisher data co-op. Our data allows sales teams to base their actions on the knowledge of which companies are in-market for their products, and empowers marketing teams to practice #SustainableMarketing.

The source of this data is a co-operative of premium B2B media companies whose members contribute content-consumption and behavioral data about their audiences. In turn, they can better understand those audiences, serve advertisers, and monetize their inventory.

We process billions of content interactions daily to detect intent signals from companies around the world. To do this, we use modern distributed processing and machine learning technologies, including Spark, Dataflow/Beam, Airflow, PyTorch, and BigQuery.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d6718f91daf62a29,d6718f91daf62a29,indeed,Bombora
new,Senior Data Engineer,Bombora,"Reno, NV 89501 (Southwest area)",2020-01-11,"----------------
What you will do
----------------

You will join our Data Engineering team, working alongside our data scientists and ML engineers, to support Bombora R&D's mission to design, develop and maintain our world class B2B DaaS ecosystem, leveraging machine intelligence and web-content consumption data at-scale. You will do this by:


Creating and refining bounded (batch) and unbounded (streaming) ETL and ML data pipelines that comprise our production systems
Advancing development and integration of our major analytics and ML codebases using modern and rigorous software engineering principles
Helping to support and maintain our live production ETL and ML pipelines and systems
Mentoring and advancing the development of junior colleges with whom you will work with
Having fun in an environment of collaboration, curiosity, and experimentation

-------------------------
Specific Responsibilities
-------------------------


Develop applications, libraries and workflows with Python, Java, Apache Spark, Apache Beam, and Apache Airflow
Design and implement systems that run at scale on Google's Dataproc, Dataflow, Kubernetes Engine, Pub/Sub, and BigQuery platforms.
Learn, design and implement algorithms and machine learning operations, at-scale, using SciPy, PySpark, Spark Streaming, and MLBase libraries.
Learn and advance existing data models for our events, profiles and other datasets
Employ test-driven development, performance benchmarking, rapid release schedule, and continuous integration.
Participate in daily stand-ups, story planning, reviews, retrospectives, and the occasional outings to nearby local cuisine and / or culture.

---------
About you
---------

Your background
---------------


Education: B.S. / M.S. in computer science, physics, electrical engineering, applied mathematics, or a related degree.
Work experience: 5+ years of real-world development experience and 2+ years of experience with cloud and/or big-data platforms.
Language Fluency: In Java / Python (at least 2 years of experience on commercial projects) and perhaps a few other languages, (we like Scala-friendly and Rust curious).
Data wrangler: Driven by data and the ability to leverage data to understand systems.
Impactful and effective: Live and breathe TDD and agile methodologies in software to great impact

Working knowledge of


Algorithms / Data Structures: Design patterns, efficiency, using the right abstraction for the task.
Functional Programming: Filters and maps, currying and partial evaluation, group-by and reduce-by, oh my!
OOP: Object paradigms to build components, when needed.
Databases: Both relational (MySQL, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL (HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB). No flaming, just know the tradeoffs between both.
Data Processing at scale: Distributed computations, map-reduce paradigm, and streaming processing.
Build and release toolchains: Experience deploying projects in both Python (conda, setuptools, etc.) and Java (Maven), and possibly Scala (sbt).
Git: Want you to be comfortable working with git (resolving conflicts, merging, branching, etc).

Bonus points for experience in
------------------------------


Cloud Platforms, and their services.
Distributed Computation / Processing: Spark, Beam, Flink
Graph Processing: Pregel, GraphLab, or GraphX
Having contributed to any OSS, especially in the above said libraries.

-------------
About Bombora
-------------

Bombora provides a global business to business (B2B) intent platform powered by the world's largest publisher data co-op. Our data allows sales and marketing teams to base their actions on the knowledge of which companies are in-market for their products, and empowers marketing teams to practice #SustainableMarketing.

The source of this data is a co-operative of premium B2B media companies whose members contribute anonymized and consent-based content-consumption and behavioral data about their audiences. In turn, they can better understand those audiences, serve advertisers, and monetize their inventory.

We process billions of content interactions daily to detect intent signals from companies around the world. To do this, we use modern distributed processing and machine learning technologies, including Spark, Dataflow/Beam, Airflow, PyTorch, and BigQuery.

------------------------------
About Bombora Data Engineering
------------------------------

Bombora Data Engineering is tasked with supporting Bombora Data Science to achieve the common goals of knowledge extraction and insight generation from Bombora's significant reserves of consumer intent data. We are passionate about understanding the complex systems we model and extracting real value from the massive data we analyze. We enjoy a challenge and have fun with the entire Bombora team doing so.

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09c19480dbe9952f,09c19480dbe9952f,indeed,Bombora
new,Demand Marketing Manager (North America),"Liferay, Inc.","Diamond Bar, CA",2020-01-22,"About You and this Role

You'll be primarily responsible for researching, planning, and managing the teams execution of marketing programs that support our existing campaigns and then studying the results (with the help of analytics tools) to tweak and improve things.
The team is fast-paced, so it's important that you're organized and are able to juggle multiple tasks while managing respective deadlines. You lead by serving and know that your teams success means your success.

Key Objectives
Partner with portfolio marketing and corporate demand to understand the campaigns and then build out North America focused demand programs to support them
Create the program strategy for a specific campaign, addressing the full program lifecycle utilizing the best mix of inbound and outbound tactics
Work with your Director to identify the right channels and segmentation targets for North America
Determine the proper demand program metrics to measure objectives and success and work with Marketing Ops team to build out the reports
Hypothesize results, review performance data, and make improvements on a monthly and quarterly basis
Lead a specialized demand team and give them direction on all execution aspects of the campaign programs
Nurture your team members to help them reach their full potential as individual contributors
Perform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications

3+ years experience leading a team of at least 3 people, especially in the areas of field marketing or demand generation.
Have a bachelors degree in business, marketing, or 2+ years experience as an individual contributor in digital marketing, ABM, content marketing or field marketing.
You have worked at a company or agency specializing in B2B enterprise software
Are a good written and verbal communicator
Possess a strong work ethic/motivation
Are organized with a proven ability to manage actions and schedules
Can think analytically and use a data-driven approach
Are able to travel once a month as needed

Preferred Qualifications
Experience with HubSpot, Salesforce CRM, Google Display Network, Adwords, Triblio, DiscoverOrg, Bombora",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a6a24bc68cb46877,a6a24bc68cb46877,indeed,Bombora
new,"Operations Lead, Client Solutions - MediaMath Affiliate Comp...",MediaMath,"New York, NY 10018 (Garment District area)",2020-01-29,"Octane11 is a B2B-focused marketing solutions provider that helps businesses drive measurable impact at scale. Octane11's suite of workflow tools, data products and intuitive analytics, make it easy for B2B marketers to coordinate multi-channel digital tactics and deliver real world results. The company was incubated by MathCapital, and officially launched in Q4 2019 in partnership with MediaMath, Oracle Data Cloud, Intersection, Bombora, EverString and LiveRamp.

The role:
We're looking for a Operations Lead, Client Solutions with experience operating AdTech/MarTech platforms and working directly with clients to join our all-star founding team. We strive to make our clients heroes, by supporting their paid, owned and earned B2B marketing activities to drive real business results.

In this role, you will partner with our team of AdTech, MarTech and Data Engineering teams to support our clients' use of the platform and drive continuous improvement. The role will be split equally between: (a) engaging with clients through meetings, emails and prepared presentations, (b) managing campaigns on MediaMath's T1 platform and other platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook/Instagram and email platforms such as Marketo and HubSpot, and (c) providing key Product Development input into the design of the platform (in order to automate all of the above!). Most importantly, you will help lay the groundwork for developing a culture and team that will transform the way enterprise B2B marketers execute and measure their digital marketing across all screens and platforms.

Requirements:
Although this is not a traditional ""media trader"" role, experience setting up and monitoring campaigns using MediaMath's T1 platform is 100% required (right up until we automate the process via API)


Experience using the business and campaign functions of one or more of the following platforms: Google DV360, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Amazon DSP, Twitter (again, until we automate the processes via API)
Experience using one or more of the following MarTech platforms: Marketo, HubSpot, Eloqua, Salesforce CRM, etc.
Experience using one or more of the following analytics tools: Google Analytics, Tableau, Looker, etc.
Familiarity with AdTech basics like pixels, ad trafficking, reporting
Experience with B2B marketing use cases

This is a unique opportunity to join a high-growth company at a formative stage, that is led by experienced executives, is already well-funded, has existing revenue, clients and partners, and is headquartered in beautiful offices in Manhattan's Financial District.

About Octane11

Octane11 is a B2B-focused marketing solutions provider that helps businesses drive measurable impact at scale. Octane11's suite of workflow tools, data products and intuitive analytics, make it easy for B2B marketers to coordinate multi-channel digital tactics and deliver real world results. The company was incubated by MathCapital, and officially launched in Q4 2019 in partnership with MediaMath, Oracle Data Cloud, Intersection, Bombora, EverString and LiveRamp.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d7fe07c337bfa4cf,d7fe07c337bfa4cf,indeed,Bombora
new,"Senior Manager, Marketing",Rapid Ratings,"New York, NY 10010 (Gramercy area)",2020-01-11,"Snr. Manager, Marketing

The Senior Manager, Marketing is a detail-oriented and results-driven individual who plays an integral role in RapidRatings content development, external communications, media/analyst relations and social media. The individual works closely with internal stakeholders across Executive, Sales and Client Success, and Analytics teams and reports directly to the Managing Director, Marketing.

Responsibilities include:

Manage content creation in alignment with campaign calendar and Snr. Manager, Marketing-Demand Generation
Work with internal/external subject matter experts to generate thought leadership pieces and repurpose across RapidRatings paid, owned and earned channels
Create, edit and deliver content including outbound emails, digital ads, bylines, press releases, blog posts, presentation materials, internal communications, as well as general marketing collateral.
leading our efforts around earned media, prepare press releases, optimize and align content around key topics for our target audiences, and leverage social media and other digital channels
Take direction from our CEO on media relations, prepare CEO for media interviews and act as a liaison between the company and industry/mainstream media outlets
Own analyst relations with Gartner, arranging analyst briefings/inquiries; maximizing brand-building and exposure of our category leadership to clients/prospects
Work collaboratively with Analytics Team to develop and deliver messaging and insights derived from our proprietary data
Conduct marketing-related sales training for roll-out of marketing materials (e.g., FHR Network), social media best practices, and content
Work collaboratively with Snr. Manager, Marketing- Demand Generation to plan and execute industry, partner, and owned events

Desired Knowledge and Skills:

3-5 years working in a marketing organization, SAAS and enterprise B2B software experience preferred

Exceptional verbal and written communications skills

Data-driven approach to measurement, and ability to leverage insights to hone messages and improve campaign performance

Strong multi-tasking and prioritization skills

Experience leveraging social media

Working knowledge of marketing/sales tech stack (e.g., Hubspot, Salesforce, Outreach, Bombora, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Zoominfo)

Candidate will be expected to provide writing samples  Rewrite exec bios",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39e6be4dac811533,39e6be4dac811533,indeed,Bombora
new,Senior Digital Marketing Manager,Stonebranch,"Atlanta, GA",2020-01-11,"Stonebranch builds dynamic IT automation solutions that transform business IT environments from simple IT task automation into sophisticated, real-time business service automation, helping organizations achieve the highest possible Return on Automation. No matter the degree of automation, Stonebranch software is simple, modern and secure. Using its universal automation platform, enterprises can seamlessly orchestrate workloads and data across technology ecosystems and silos. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia with points of contact and support throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia, Stonebranch serves some of the world's largest financial, manufacturing, healthcare, travel, transportation, energy, and technology institutions.
Your Part in this Growth Story:
Stonebranch is searching for a Senior Digital Marketing Manager who is interested in playing in the explosive IT automation market. This global marketer will develop and execute marketing campaigns that are delivered on a worldwide scale.
Youll have the drive and experience to work with a full stack of modern marketing and sales tools. In addition, you will be an expert at ensuring that digital marketing efforts are aligned with strategies and key performance metrics to drive demand generation, customer retention, ROI and brand image.
The right candidate must be both a well-rounded marketer and an out-of-the-box problem solver. Experience with digital marketing in the forms of online paid media, account-based advertising, intent-based targeting, marketing automation, virtual events / webcasts, and social media will be key components of this individuals DNA.
Your Impact on The Organization:
Develop and execute worldwide inbound/outbound digital marketing programs to drive new business acquisition
Stimulate upsell and cross-sell opportunities within our installed base
Create impactful digital programming that aligns to the buyers journey and adheres to demand generation best practices
Leverage a modern Marketing Technology stack to automate and scale highly targeted digital programs
Requirements
What You Will Bring to the Team:
7+ years of hands-on B2B experience in inbound marketing (lead generation, nurturing, marketing campaign execution, and measurement)
Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment; work collaboratively with cross-functional teams; ensure high quality deliverables (attention to detail)
Strong analytical and quantitative skills  analyze and make meaning out of data, translating that into actionable changes
Strong interpersonal skills to be able to motivate and drive collaboration with other departments and organizations without direct authority over those groups
Strong creative thinking skills, always innovating, never satisfied with the status quo
Proven ability to manage and develop a digital marketing program
Technical Knowledge:
Technology savvy, with keen interest in emerging technologies and all things digital, including marketing automation (Hubspot, Pardot, Marketo, Eloqua) lead management strategies (lead scoring, lead nurturing, etc.), CRM systems and sales processes
Deep understanding of developing a strategy designed to match content, tactics and messages to the right stages of the buyers journey
Practical experience running Search Engine Optimization (SEO) programs
Deep knowledge around best practices, including guidelines for PPC conversion rates, ABM, direct mail, emails, landing pages, etc.
Ability to develop an end-to-end marketing and communications plan inclusive of thought leadership, demand generation and acceleration
Bachelors Degree strongly preferred
Direct experience with Hubspot, Terminus, Discover.org, Bombora, or Salesforce.com are a plus
Benefits
Why Youll Love Stonebranch
Competitive compensation
Workforce fitness program / gym reimbursement
Excellent health benefits
401k to help you save for your future
Regular social events
Paid holidays and generous time off policy to rest and recharge
Convenient North-Atlanta location

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

APPLY ONLINE TODAY!",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=406bc37ed2686b18,406bc37ed2686b18,indeed,Bombora
new,Bombora Retail Clerk,London Bridge Resort,"Lake Havasu City, AZ",2020-01-22,"Bombora Beach Wear in the English Village is looking for fun, energetic, and capable retail clerk to help in increasing our sales of swim and beachwear, eyewear, hats, flip flops, and so much more! We are a close-knit team and you must be reliable.


Receive money for purchases and calculate customers change if any
Execute clerical functions in retail stores
Assist and support the retail manager in ensuring the smooth running of the store
Greet customers courteously and sell merchandise to them
Prepare, total, and verify billings and collect correct payments from customers
Verify and reconcile customers bills with the merchandise they bought
Maintain, manage, and organize merchandise on the shelves and racks in the store
Help customers find the item they desire to purchase on the shelves
Ensure excellent retail experiences to customers
Maintaining the outlook of the store. This implies cleaning, arranging, and when necessary stocking the shelves
Reports to the manager when difficulties arise


London Bridge Resort is Lake Havasus premier all-suite, waterfront resort. Located in the heart of Lake Havasu City, AZ, guests enjoy one and two-bedroom suites with many amenities including Splash Pool and Waterslide, and fitness center. London Bridge Resort offers a variety of options for every guest. Guests can experience three unique dining options  Martini Bay, Splash Grill, and Kokomo  all providing different atmospheres and menus. For more information or to book your stay, call 928.855.0888 or visit: http://www.londonbridgeresort.com/.",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=4373&s=58&guid=000001702fe3a8aaaba06c7719aefe3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_930102c8&cb=1581351414205&jobListingId=3469765557,3469765557,glassdoor,Bombora
new,Events Marketing Manager,Bombora,"San Francisco, CA",2020-02-07,"Bombora is looking for an excellent Events Marketing Manager

In the homogenous world of B2B, we're looking for an excellent experiential Events expert. An individual who can bring the Bombora brand to life for our prospects, customers and partners. Reporting to the VP of Marketing, this role is central to driving Bombora's go-to-market.

The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in B2B and a proven record of raising the bar through events. With an ability to think beyond traditional and tactical execution, this role is an opportunity for a proactive and innovative event professional.

Whether owned, sponsored, digital or physical - the Events Marketing Manager will be responsible from strategy through to execution. From research to conception to budget reconciliation to ROI tracking... this role serves to align Bombora's events with marketing strategy and business goals.

At the crux of Bombora's programming, is the Intent Event.

""Amazing venue. Loved how customer-centric it was. Didn't feel salesy. Very polished. Felt more intimate and VIP."" - 2018 Intent Event attendee

Now in its second year, the Intent Event represents the very heart and soul of the Bombora brand. The Events Marketing Manager will be the linchpin for the event, project managing across the business to deliver an experience not to forget!

We're looking for a candidate who is:


A natural networker. Someone with the high-level of emotional intelligence. A team player who can work with the marketing and across Bombora to identify needs and exceed expectations. 

A detail geek. An active listener who is able to multitask across many areas (e.g. logistics, facilities, decor, catering, entertainment, communications, reporting, etc.) and delve into the nitty gritty to GSD. 

A learning enthusiast. An individual who is not afraid to try and learn new things. Able to iterate and innovate to raise the event experience. 

Addicted to #GSD. Someone who is adaptable and able to step outside the boundaries, roll their sleeves up when needs be. An events expert orientated towards making an impact and producing results


Responsibilities:
Research, identify and deliver an events strategy that is a best fit for Bombora
Produce, manage and meet objectives in all stages of event planning, design, and production. Including (but not limited to) the Intent Event, trade show sponsorships, partner, industry, customer and prospect events, webinars, as well as field event support
Negotiate contracts and manage relationships with outside vendors
Lead cross-functional collaboration to determine optimal promotional plans, PR, and sponsorships
Work with sales, customer success and partnership teams to define goals, target attendees and determine tactics
Act as the onsite marketing lead at events to complete setup, provide support and ensure everything runs to plan
Work with Marketing Ops to conduct pre and post-event evaluations, track ROI and produce consistent, clear reporting on events program
Manage all events, operational and administrative activities to ensure efficient delivery of events, within budget
Source an experiential marketing agency to assist with producing the Intent Event


Qualifications and skills
BS in Event Management, Marketing or a related field
7+ years in an event, project management or similar roles
Exceptional time management and communication skills, both verbal and written
Impressive references and event portfolio, within B2B, Adtech or Martech
Experience with event/marketing technology platforms (e.g. Salesforce, Hubspot, Splash, etc.)
Basic marketing ops skills, such as SFDC campaign creation, defining email lists, setting up event programs in Hubspot
Ability to see the 'big picture', take initiative and oversee multiple projects independently
Solid understanding of compliance with all insurance, legal, health, and safety obligations associated with event production

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",Easy Apply,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702fe3a8aaaba06c7719aefe3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&ea=1&cs=1_00115fb8&cb=1581351414200&jobListingId=3357234785,3357234785,glassdoor,Bombora
new,Office Assistant,Bombora,"New York, NY",2020-02-07,"We are seeking an Office Assistant for our NYC location.

In this role you will be integral to the success of our organization by a serving as a culture ambassador and help ensure a consistent 'employee experience' for all of our employees. You will be responsible for keeping the office running smoothly for employees and visitors.

Day to day tasks include:


Greeting guests/visitors/candidates and getting them settled by offering water, coffee, bathroom info, etc.
Answer the main phone line and take messages
Manage & restock snacks, supplies, and swag inventory
Arrange catering for monthly All Hands Meetings, Lunch & Learns, In Office Team Events, Client Meetings, etc.
Assemble Welcome Totes & supplies on New Hires' desks prior to start date
Maintain conference rooms and clean whiteboards at the end of every week
Order snacks and office supplies as needed
Coordinate travel arrangements: airfare, hotel, transportation
Enter receipts and transactions for expense reports
Schedule and modify meetings in Outlook Calendar
Shipping & receiving ship & receive swag for events & offices, receive supplies, furnishings, mail (distribute mail to recipients), etc.
Maintain common areas when Bomborians are becoming Barbarians
Clean the refrigerator as needed, water plants, set up daily diffusers
Ad Hoc projects, as required

Skills and Experience

Prior office experience required
Experienced and comfortable with technology - MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) and Google platform (Google Drive, docs, sheets), Zoom, etc.
Strong attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written skills
Personable, approachable; has the ability to make people feel comfortable
Strong organization and follow up skills
Experience with sourcing F&B vendors
Vendor management skills
Ability to juggle competing priorities
Executive presence you will serve as an ambassador to senior leadership and visitors
Get It Done! attitude

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",Easy Apply,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702fe3a8aaaba06c7719aefe3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&ea=1&cs=1_5624b79f&cb=1581351414202&jobListingId=3485060583,3485060583,glassdoor,Bombora
new,Customer Success Manager,Bombora,"New York, NY",2020-01-24,"Bombora is looking for an exceptional, customer-obsessed account management professional who wants to help our customers do amazing things and extract tremendous ROI from the Bombora Data products.

This role will be based in New York City and will encompass responsibilities across the customer lifecycle of our clients. It requires a process-driven self-starter, who has exceptional attention to detail and is able to take responsibility and manage projects from end-to-end.

This role will report to the Director of Customer Success and will work side-by-side with the broader Bombora organization including our customer operations, sales, partnership and product teams.

The ideal candidate is someone who thrives amidst the challenges of a fast-paced, startup environment and possesses a natural bent towards innovation, relationship management (both on an internal company level and external client level) and obsessive service to our customers. They will be comfortable having strategic B2B marketing and sales conversations with our customers and acting as a trusted advisor in their expanded use of the Bombora data products.

Principal Duties & Essential Responsibilities

Ideating, driving adoption for and documenting the use of Bombora's data products at customer accounts.
Using scale-able process around customer outreach, customer user groups, product announcements, etc.
For large, de-centralized enterprise accounts, executing QBR's to update key stakeholders on data use across teams and platforms .
Manage all retention with sales team.
Identify and manage upsell/cross-sell opportunities.
Working closely with Partnerships team to bring demand from Bombora customers into partner ecosystem when it aligns with customer needs for data activation.
Working hand-in-hand with the Customer Operations team to deliver quality and timely reporting to our clients.
Working with the product team to manage the integration of Bombora with CRM and MAP platforms for our clients.
Work with Bombora's Audience Solutions team to help your clients leverage Bombora's industry leading cookie pools to build custom audiences/segments for targeted programmatic and digital advertising use cases.
Educate and evangelize the power of Bombora intent data across the B2B sales and marketing landscape within our client base even outside of the buying center.
Bring field insights back to your colleagues and functional leadership to help power Bombora's continually evolving products and processes.
Proactive customer outreach and consistent and clear communication across entirety of client contracts.

Desired Skills & Experience

A minimum of five years of experience in a role rooted in B2B Sales and Marketing
In-depth knowledge of the B2B Sales and Marketing landscape as it relates to technologies, tactics, services, strategies, etc.
Strong organizational and process orientation skills is a must
You possess a high degree of self-confidence and solid interpersonal skills
You are service oriented, curious, smart, articulate and want to continuously learn
You are a collaborative extremely proactive selfstarter with the ability to influence and manage cross-functional areas and projects
Exceptional communication skills with an ability to communicate business and technical concepts to stakeholders at all levels of the organization
A team player that thrives on helping those around them succeed, internally and externally

At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation. Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks.",Easy Apply,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001702fe3a8aaaba06c7719aefe3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&ea=1&cs=1_e420f741&cb=1581351414203&jobListingId=3472171519,3472171519,glassdoor,Bombora
