status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,"PROJECT COORDINATOR, OFFICE FOR INDIGENOUS DIRECTIONS",Universite Concordia,"Montréal, QC",2020-02-02,"Scope

Reporting to the Senior Director, Indigenous Directions, the incumbent provides strategic advice, project management and operational activities of the Office for Indigenous Directions. He/she proactively supports the work of the Senior Director, Indigenous Directions, coordinates activities, and organizes all related documentation.
Primary responsibilities
Coordinate projects related to the implementation of the Indigenous Directions Action Plan.
Research, analyze and keep up to date on emerging Indigenous trends and issues in post-secondary education; provide strategic advice and help build dialogue and consensus on the implementation of the Indigenous Directions Strategic Plan.
Prepare and provide written and/or oral briefings for meetings in order to ensure the Senior Director is abreast of matters.
Prepare dossiers, including the creation, compilation and analysis of information from multiple sources of input.
Manage the public email account, and respond to, or re-direct inquiries accordingly.
Coordinate the review of and respond to daily incoming inquiries and, in a timely manner, bring forward any pertinent items to the attention of the Senior Director; make recommendations on appropriate actions and responses.
Compose communication (letters, e-mails, memos, fax responses, reports) and follow up on related matters.
Liaise with external organizations and stakeholders such as other post-secondary institutions and community organizations.
Develop, plan, coordinate, monitor and manage different projects, activities and special events simultaneously.
Maintain bring-forward and follow-up systems for proper management of documents; organize and maintain confidential files.
Liaise with and maintain a close working relationship with the members of the Indigenous Directions Leadership Council and associated Working Groups and other Concordia units.
Manage content of the Indigenous Directions Hub; recommend and establish mechanisms and processes to regularly inform internal and external stakeholders on Indigenous Directions activities to build awareness and engage participation.
Plan and organize institutional, special events, and conferences sponsored by the Office for Indigenous Directions; maintain a registry of all associated activities, participants, and timelines.
Ensure that electronic and paper documents are filed and/or properly stored in accordance with University policies; manage confidential and sensitive documents and dossiers.
Oversee the hiring and supervision of student workers.
Contribute to preparation of reports, including detailed account of consultations carried out, project activities delivered, analysis of trends, costs, recommendations, priorities, objectives, valuable information for effective planning.
Requirements
Bachelor Degree in a field relevant to the primary responsibilities and two to four years related experience.
Knowledge of the University environment and of the Quebec higher education system desirable.
Significant experience working with the Indigenous Peoples of Canada.
Experience in providing advice and support to senior management.
Experience in project and event planning, organization and delivery.
Good knowledge (Level 4) of spoken and written English and French in order to deal with complex situations in both official languages; knowledge of an Indigenous language is an asset.
Good knowledge of (Intermediate Level) of Microsoft Excel and Word.
Excellent interpersonal, facilitation, organizational, communication, and team-building skills.
Capacity to engage members of diverse communities and skilled in a variety of consultation techniques, protocols, and strategies.
Aptitude to work in a customer/service-oriented environment as both a member of a team and independently.
Superior ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism and discretion.
Diligent attention to detail.
Salary

$70,939.46 - $84,736.95 per annum
Union/Association

CUPEU
Interested applicants must submit a curriculum vitae with a covering letter by February 13, 2020. Please click on the How to Apply button below for further instructions.
IMPORTANT: The language and computer skills of short-listed candidates will be tested.
Concordia University is committed to Employment Equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal Peoples, visible minorities, ethnic minorities, and persons with disabilities.",,https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e6eeb013873fbf9,5e6eeb013873fbf9,indeed,Concordia University E
new,Product Specialist / Spcialiste Produit,QuoteMachine,"Montréal, QC",2020-02-05,"Are you ready to help thousands of independent retailers organize their B2B sales? Do you want to be part of a young Montreal software startup and contribute to its success? Do you want a job in which you can learn something new every day? Then, read further and learn how QuoteMachine could become your best career move.
Job Description
We are looking for a collaborative, performance-driven, and solution-oriented person. The job will require an implication into the full customer journey, from sales to supporting and helping existing customers to grow.
QuoteMachine partners with leading software companies to deliver the best solutions to shared customers. Understanding the partners solutions and nurturing relationships with their sales and support teams is key to succeed in this role.
Your mission
Reach out to every lead that enters the pipeline
Deliver value proposition and generate interest of the prospect through demos
Close deals with qualified leads
Onboard newly signed customers
Help and advise customers on how to organize their business
Assist existing Customers with their product needs
Collaborate with our referral partners to ensure positive relationships and grow the pipeline
Understand and formulate customer needs to influence the product roadmap toward growth
Requirements
0-3 years of experience in a relevant environment (e.g., Retail, Customer Support, SaaS Software, Solution-sales, Technology-related environment)
Excellent customer service and communication skills, including strong listening, verbal and written communication
Fluency in English and French
University degree
Assets
Practical experience in retail
Knowledge of Retail software (Lightspeed, Vend, Quickbooks, Square, Shopify)
Basic understanding of accounting and billing rules
Knowledge of a third language
About QuoteMachine
Created by a team of successful startup leaders, QuoteMachine enables independent retailers to sell efficiently to other businesses (B2B). While selling directly to consumers is well managed by their Point of Sales (POS) software, selling to businesses requires managing payment terms and more complex sales documents. QuoteMachine offers an integrated billing solution to their POS and brings the experience online with interactive documents (Quotes, Invoices, Account Statements,...)
With its highly scalable technology, QuoteMachine aims at helping thousands of businesses in the next couple of years. We partner with leading software companies like Lightspeed to fuel our growth. We are looking for the smartest people to help us bring QuoteMachine to the next level.
Our office is located in Downtown Montreal (1250 Guy St Suite #600), 2 min from Guy-Concordia metro station.
-

tes-vous prt  aider des milliers de commerants indpendants  organiser leur ventes en B2B ? Voulez-vous faire partie dune jeune startup Montralaise dans le logiciel et contribuer  son succs ? Voulez-vous apprendre  chaque journe de travail ? Dans ce cas, voyez un peu comment QuoteMachine pourrait devenir votre meilleur choix de carrire.
Description du poste
Vous devez avoir un tat desprit collaboratif, tre performant(e) et adopter une dmarche oriente solutions. Le poste ncessite une implication  toutes les tapes du parcours client, depuis la vente, jusquau soutien du client dans lusage du logiciel et ses projets.
QuoteMachine sassocie avec dautres entreprises leader du monde du logiciel afin doffrir les meilleures solutions  nos clients communs. La comprhension des solutions de nos partenaires et la bonne entente avec leur quipes de ventes et de support est essentielle pour russir dans le rle.
Votre mission
Contacter tous les prospects
Dmontrer la valeur de notre logiciel et crer de lintrt au travers de dmos
Convertir les prospects qualifis
Accompagner les nouveaux clients dans leurs premiers pas
Aider et conseiller les clients sur la manire de grer certains aspects de leur entreprise
Assister les clients existants pour tous leurs besoins lis  notre logiciel
Collaborer avec les partenaires afin de maintenir des relations positives et amliorer nos ventes
Comprendre et formuler les besoins clients pour influencer le planning de dveloppement et aider QuoteMachine  crotre
Pr-requis
De 0  3 ans dexprience dans un environnement pertinent (e.g., Commerce de dtail, support clientle, logiciel SaaS, vendeur de solutions, environnement technologique)
Excellentes qualits de communication et empathie avec les clients, qualits dcoute, dexpression orale et crite
Anglais et Franais courants
Diplme universitaire
Atouts
Exprience dans le commerce de dtail
Connaissance de logiciels pour commerants (Lightspeed, Vend, QuickBooks, Square, Shopify)
Comprhension de base de principes de comptabilit ou/et facturation
Connaissance dune troisime langue
 propos de QuoteMachine
Cre par deux leaders issus de startups  succs, QuoteMachine permet aux commerants indpendants de vendre efficacement  dautres entreprises (B2B). Alors que la vente directe au consommateur est bien gre par les logiciels de point de vente (POS), vendre  dautres entreprises requiert le support de termes de paiement et de documents complexes. QuoteMachine offre une solution de facturation intgre dans le POS et met en ligne lexprience autour de documents interactifs (Soumissions, Factures, tats de Compte, etc.).
Avec sa technologie conue pour grandir, QuoteMachine vise  aider des milliers dentreprises dans les deux prochaines annes. Des entreprises leader du monde du Logiciel comme Lightspeed sont nos partenaires et ces partenariats alimentent notre croissance. Nous recherchons des personnes intelligentes qui vont nous aider  porter QuoteMachine vers les sommets.
Nos bureaux sont au centre ville de Montral (1250 Guy St Suite #600),  2 min de la station de mtro Guy-Concordia.",,https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4d9e77193bd90db9,4d9e77193bd90db9,indeed,Concordia University E
new,Postdoctoral Fellowship - Machine Learning and Generative De...,Concordia University,"Montréal, QC",2020-02-01,"Machine Learning and Generative Design for Advanced Manufacturing in Mass CustomizationThe prestigious Horizon Postdoctoral Fellowships are valued at $47,500 per year plus benefits and full access to Concordias services, including GradProSkills.Program description: Industry 4.0 (I4.0) is the new trend of automation and data exchange in manufacturing technologies. One major characteristic of I4.0 strategy is the strong customization of products under the conditions of highly flexible production, enabling mass customization. Custom product offers inherent advantages over their mass-produced counterparts, as they can provide more comfort, unique and aesthetic appeal, and/or better performance. However, the design for custom product is a very difficult task, and it is still unknown that what kind of system or interface is needed to fully utilize the capability of I4.0 so to meet the constantly varying and unpredictable changes in mass customization. Current Computer-Aided Design (CAD) system requires complex operations with high cognitive load, and lack support for structural optimization to improve the design based on performance and user intentions. The objective of this research program is to apply deep learning into the development of generative design methodologies to account for design changes for each individuals need in mass customization.Academic qualifications required: PhD in Mechanical, Computer Science or related fields with experiences in Machine Learning and Design.Eligibility requirements: Applicants must not currently hold a postdoctoral appointment at ConcordiaPriority will be given to postdoctoral fellows who have obtained their PhD from another university although in exceptional cases Concordia graduates may be consideredApplicants must adhere to the postdoctoral fellow eligibility criteria outlined in Concordia Universitys Postdoctoral PolicySubmission process All documents must be submitted to Niyusha Samadi.Please include the reference number with your application (6000)Application checklist: One to three (1-3) page research statement demonstrating fit with the program described above.Current curriculum vitae demonstrating research excellence and a capacity for leadership in the domain (maximum 5 pages).Two letters of reference from academic supervisors or current employers to be sent via e-mail directly to Niyusha Samadi.The Postdoctoral Fellow must start his/her appointment by July 1, 2020.Reference ID: 6000Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, ContractSalary: $47,500.00 /year",,https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9b3dbb5ff855f18,c9b3dbb5ff855f18,indeed,Concordia University E
new,Postdoctoral Fellowship - Secure Location Based Services via...,Concordia University,"Montréal, QC",2020-02-06,"Secure Location Based Services via Smart Beacons in Internet of Things (IoT)The prestigious Horizon Postdoctoral Fellowships are valued at $47,500 per year plus benefits and full access to Concordias services, including GradProSkills.Program description: Recent advancements in signal processing, machine learning, communication, and networking technologies have resulted in evolution of an intriguing paradigm referred to as The Internet of Things (IoT). As IoT solutions become pervasive, we will be surrounded by countless number devices that monitor us, control the environment, and interact with us, therefore, it is increasingly critical to guarantee the correct operation of the IoT solutions, and ensure that the required levels of security and privacy is provided. The focus of this research project is on integration of localization, security, and tracking technologies with smart devices equipped with sensing, processing, and communication capabilities, which is one of the main enabling factors of the promising paradigm of the IoT. In particular, this research program will adopt Bluetooth Smart, referred to as Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), which is considered as the backbone technology for future indoor navigation. Despite recent advancements in this field, BLE-based indoor localization is still in its infancy. This Horizon research program addresses this gap, and aims to create/support innovative, advanced, and secure location based services via BLE beacons for future IoT ecosystems.Academic qualifications required: PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering or related fields with experience in Localization/Tracking Algorithms, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) protocol, IoT Communication.Eligibility requirements: Applicants must not currently hold a postdoctoral appointment at ConcordiaPriority will be given to postdoctoral fellows who have obtained their PhD from another university although in exceptional cases Concordia graduates may be consideredApplicants must adhere to the postdoctoral fellow eligibility criteria outlined in Concordia Universitys Postdoctoral PolicySubmission process: All documents must be submitted to Niyusha Samadi.Please include the reference number with your applicationApplication checklist: One to three (1-3) page research statement demonstrating fit with the program described above.Current curriculum vitae demonstrating research excellence and a capacity for leadership in the domain (maximum 5 pages).Two letters of reference from academic supervisors or current employers to be sent via e-mail directly to Niyusha SamadiThe Postdoctoral Fellow must start his/her appointment by July 1, 2020.Reference ID: 6004Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, ContractSalary: $47,500.00 /year",,https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0212dd1c4a723c9,a0212dd1c4a723c9,indeed,Concordia University E
new,Go Global Expo - Work for Non-Profit / Publication Event,Verge Magazine,"Montréal, QC",2020-01-24,"Attention students at Universit de Montral, Universit du Qubec  Montral, Concordia University and McGill University: The Go Global Expo is Canadas largest meaningful travel event. Taking place each year in Toronto and Montreal, it offers students the chance to learn about opportunities to go abroad to work, volunteer or study. The expo hosts exhibitors that offer opportunities in more than 100 countries, and offers a range of seminars for students interested in exploring their options for travelling overseas. This years Go Global Expo in Montreal will take place on Saturday, February 8, 2020. As Campus Rep at your university, you will help spread the word about the Go Global Expo to students who may be interested in going overseas. You'll work with expo staff, network with internationally-minded students and faculty, and make connections with people who have travelled abroad or want to travel abroad.Represent the Go Global Expo @ on-campus events (frosh week, student fairs, career fairs, sporting events, etc) leading up to the expoHelp with the distribution of Go Global promotional material on campus, including handing out postcards and hanging postersSpread the word to students/student groups via emailSuggest and implement creative ways to spread the word on campusPre-register students to attend the expoPromote the event via your own social media (including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) and campus networksHelp the event to run smoothly on expo daySubmit weekly reports to expo staffQualifications/Requirements:Must currently be enrolled as a student and regularly on-campusExcellent communications skills and must enjoy talking to people of various backgroundsGood organizational and time management skills, including punctualityWilling to dedicate approximately 5-10 hours a week, depending on workload during periodMust be available to work from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Saturday, February 8, 2020Passionate about travelCompensation: Immediate start  February 7: $12.50/hour for approximately 10 hours per week. Frequent reporting is mandatory. Saturday, Feb 8: $12.50/hour for scheduled hours. (Must be available from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Assigned hours will be provided closer to the event date.) Lunch will be provided on event day. How to apply: Interested in making a difference on-campus and getting some great hands-on experience while doing it? Please e-mail your resume & cover letter to Jonida Haxhirexha at jonida(at)vergemagazine.com. For more information please visit www.vergemagazine.com & www.letsgoglobal.comJob Types: Temporary, ContractSalary: $12.50 /hour",,https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=295771b83a61f4bc,295771b83a61f4bc,indeed,Concordia University E
