status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Senior Software Engineer (Bengaluru),Fivetran,Bengaluru,2020-01-15,"From our founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to remove the engineering burden from data teams by standardizing and fully automating data connectors. With Fivetran, your data just arrives in your warehouse, canonical and ready to query, no engineering or maintenance required. As we watch more and more companies leverage our technology to become truly data-driven, were proud not only of our growth but also of the fact that weve grown without compromising our core values:Integrity.Always do the right thing, even when it's harder in the short run.Initiative.Fivetran belongs to all of us. If you see an opportunity to improve something, seize it!Trust.We trust our teammates to do their part. Our customers trust our product to do what we say it does.Inclusion.We seek out teammates who share our values and drive, not people who are exactly like us. We're building a company that works for everyone. At Fivetran, you can always be your authentic self.Independence.Many of the assumptions in our industry are wrong. We hire smart people and make decisions by reasoning from first principles.One team, one dream.We share the pains and successes of our customers, partners and colleagues. And we go above and beyond for each other.If these values resonate with you, wed love to hear from you.Fivetran is looking for ambitious, independent software engineers who want to have a big impact at a fast-growing company. You'll work on our core data pipeline and the connectors that bring in data from many sources we support. We're looking for people who can understand the key values that make our product great, and implement those values in the many small decisions you make every day as a developer:- You'll be working with Cloud APIs, SQL, and NoSQL databases, events, etc.- You'll be working on the core data pipeline that moves terabytes of data from all our customers to their data warehouses.- You will process the data into clean, incremental, automated updates.Requirements:Bachelors Degree, preferably in Software Engineering or Computer Science and from a reputed institution with 6+ years of experienceStrong technical and problem-solving skills, with recent hands-on software development experienceExperience in reliable distributed systems, with an emphasis on high-volume data management within enterprise and/or web-scale products and platforms that operate under strict SLAsBroad technical knowledge which encompasses Software development and automationExperience with use of wide array of algorithms and data structuresExpertise in working with Java, AWS, Cloud-based APIs, databases, software design and programming best practicesEntrepreneurial mindset, excellent communication, and technical leadership skillsCreate and contribute to an environment that is geared to innovation, high productivity, high quality and customer serviceBenefits:Medical insurance, Life Insurance & personal accident insuranceLeavesProfessional development and training opportunitiesUnlimited coffee, office snacks and frequent catered lunchesCompany happy hours and fun team building activitiesOpportunity to work with Silicon Valley start-up working on new technologiesCompetitive total compensation package (Salary + Equity)About us:From our founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to remove the engineering burden from data teams by standardizing and fully automating data connectors. With Fivetran, your data just arrives in your warehouse, canonical and ready to query, no engineering or maintenance required. As we watch more and more companies leverage our technology to become truly data-driven, were proud not only of our growth but also of the fact that weve grown without compromising our core values:Preserve your integrity, even when it's hard.Always do the right thing, even when it's harder in the short run.Take the initiative.Fivetran belongs to all of us. If you see an opportunity to improve something, seize it!Trust each other.We trust our teammates to do their part. Our customers trust our product to do what we say it does.Nurture diversity, equality and inclusiveness.We seek out teammates who share our values and drive, not people who are exactly like us. We're building a company that works for everyone. At Fivetran, you can always be your authentic self.Lead, don't follow.Many of the assumptions in our industry are wrong. We hire smart people and make decisions by reasoning from first principles.One team, one dream.We share the pains and successes of our customers, partners and colleagues. And we go above and beyond for each other.If these values resonate with you, wed love to hear from you!",We're Hiring,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=808698&s=58&guid=0000017033d609378de053cf56a75f72&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EOL&ist=&ast=EOL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_1b1dda76&cb=1581417630153&jobListingId=3064825418,3064825418,glassdoor,Fivetran developer
