status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,"Technical Software Engineering Lead - Bengaluru, Karnataka",PowerSchool,"Bengaluru, KT",2020-01-12,"Job purpose This position, under the general direction of the Director and Manager, Software Engineering, will be responsible for coordination, quality and output of the Software Engineer team to achieve the department and company goals. This role will implement, code, build, and test new features, maintain existing features, and develop reports that will include components, data models, customization and reporting features for our products. Additionally, this position will gather and refine requirements, develop designs, implement, test and document solutions to produce the highest quality product and customer satisfaction. Additionally, this position will provide leadership and guidance to create a multi-functional team of top level, high-performing Software Engineers. Duties and Responsibilities Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Lead a software development project and manage software development from inception to delivery Be both a highly technical hands-on coder and effective at mentorship Coach and mentor team members for skill development and experience Establish goals and objectives for the team that aligns with the overall roadmap and delivery schedules Works to increase team efficiency and effectiveness in order to achieve long term goals Participates in hiring of new team members Performs any HR related tasks Analyze performance and develop improvements to performance of web application. Perform upgrades to 3rd party libraries and tools used by the web application Implement new web application software features and products following best practices such as authoring of unit tests, writing maintainable code, applying established patterns and algorithms Specialize in client or server side web application development as a member of a project team. Preference for familiarity with the full technical stack. Develop software to support internal initiatives, tools, update framework and application functionality Work as part of an Agile SCRUM team in the planning, scoping, estimation and execution of technical solutions Work within a wide range of new and legacy code and technologies in a mature codebase Other duties as assigned",,https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-software-engineering-lead-bengaluru-karnataka-bengaluru-kt-us-powerschool/f4402219-7295-41ad-9cc5-8f47b64a81b4,f4402219-7295-41ad-9cc5-8f47b64a81b4,monster,Hiring developer
new,Web Developer & IT Applications SME,Aurigo,"Bangalore, KT",2020-01-22,"Web Developer & IT Applications SMELocation: Bangalore, IndiaExperience: 3 to 6 yearsAbout Aurigo:Aurigo is an American technology company founded in 2003 with a mission to help public sector agencies and facility owners plan, deliver and maintain their capital projects and assets safely and efficiently. Our award-winning Aurigo Masterworks Cloud software is now the industry-leading solution for both public and private agencies funding and maintaining large capital, infrastructure and facilities investments. We are a privately held U.S. corporation proudly headquartered in Austin, Texas, with software development and support centers in Canada and India.Role Description:Aurigo is looking for a candidate with a can-do attitude, growth mindset, and superior collaboration and communications skills for Enterprise App/Web SME position. The incumbent will be the principle SME for Aurigo Enterprise IT applications and Corporate websites (external and internal). The candidate should have experience in developing, configuring and managing corporate websites and enterprise IT applications.Primary Responsibilities: Setup and manage and support Organization related websites hosted in cloud/on-premises environment. Responsible and single point of contact for managing and providing support for all SaaS based or internal applications in place for different departments. Responsible to conduct Proof of Concepts, ensure wider adoption of best security practices for the applications used in the organization and the required documentation. Responsible for managing Organization SharePoint system and work closely with Microsoft support in case of any issues with the system. Responsible for implementing a SaaS based HRMS system that meets Organization business requirements. Proactively identify issues with applications and work with appropriate team & vendors in identifying the root cause and resolution. Automation and monthly report generation for management.Desired Skills and Experience: Must have experience on WordPress, HTML/XHTML, CSS, SharePoint. Must have knowledge on Windows/Linux Servers and any one of the web servers like IIS/Apache/JBoss/Web Sphere etc. Experience with server-side frameworks such as ASP.NET, Ruby on Rails, PHP. Experience on any one of the following HRMS/ERP systems Ex: Workday, Taleo, Oracle, SAP etc. Experience on managing SaaS applications. (Certify, Zendesk, O365, etc.)",,https://job-openings.monster.com/web-developer-it-applications-sme-bangalore-kt-us-aurigo/a0921c3a-8714-4fe4-9df1-dc26c63f33ad,a0921c3a-8714-4fe4-9df1-dc26c63f33ad,monster,Hiring developer
new,Jr Level JAVA Developer / Contract to Hire/Perm (559488),Advantage Resourcing,"Charlotte, NC",2020-02-10,"Advantage Resourcing Group is looking for a 3 year Java Developer with some experience working with databases and teradata. This resource can sit in one of three different locations, See Job Description below:THIS OPPORTUNITY IS CONTRACT TO HIRE OR POTENTIALLY STRAIGHT PERM. Must be able to work W2 Without Sponsorship to be considered fro this role.3+ years application development and implementation experience.Other locations: 1000 Blue Gentian Rd, Eagan, MN United States 55121 401 S Tryon, St Charlotte, NC United States 28202 1 N Jefferson Ave, Saint Louis, MO United States 63103General CommentsRequired Skills: 3+ years of experience working within an application development environment 2+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata 3+ years of Java experience 3+ year of JSP (JavaServer Pages) experience 2 + years of JavaScript Frameworks experience (jQuery, Ext JS, Kendo UI or Angular JS)  1 + years of experience with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills  Strong collaboration and partnering skills  A BS/BA degree or higher in information technology 3+ years of data analysis experience 1+ years of Ab Initio experience 1+ years of UNIX/LINUX experience 1+ year of Agile experience 1+ year of JIRA experience 1+ year of Network Data Mover (NDM) experience 1+ year of Autosys experience Experience with one or more Agile tools used for tracking user stories or backlogs, such as VersionOne and Team Foundation Server (TFS) About Advantage Resourcing  Advantage Resourcing makes all employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ancestry, medical condition, age, marital status, national origin, citizen status, political affiliation, union membership, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran status, denial of medical or family leave, pregnancy or pregnancy disability leave or any other protected group status as defined by federal, state or local law.  We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application or interviewing process.  If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us.  Advantage Resourcing is an E-verify employer.",,https://job-openings.monster.com/jr-level-java-developer-contract-to-hire-perm-559488-charlotte-nc-us-advantage-resourcing/215734725,215734725,monster,Hiring developer
