status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,2020 Youth Conservation Corps Intern,Student Conservation Association,Wyoming,2020-01-22,"Expected Dates
May 25, 2020 to August 16, 2020
Site
Yellowstone National Park
Position ID
PO-00729676
Assist Yellowstones YCC staff with daily operations including: creation of multi-media presentations on YCC program; engage in social networking for YCC including a blog & Facebook posts; assist with weekend education and recreation outings; work during evening hours to assist with corp member needs and emergencies; assist with kitchen duties; and supply and equipment inventory and organization.
Location Description
Mammoth Hot Springs, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming
Training Provided
Receive training in resource management and park management issues from National Park Service staff. First aid and CPR training provided as well Wildlife Safety.
Educational/Recreational Opportunities
Explore and learn about Yellowstone National Park resources and surrounding region. Participate and teach resource education lessons developed for the YCC program. Learn about NPS careers.
Handicap Accessible?
No
Main Area of Focus
Education and Interpretation
Education, Training & Skills Expected
Biology
some coursework or experience
Communications
degree minor or extensive experience
Education
some coursework or experience
Earth Sciences
some coursework or experience
Recreation Management
degree minor or extensive experience
Camping
some experience
Hand Tools
some experience
Social Media
competent without supervision
Leadership Experience
competent with supervision
Working with Children
competent with supervision
Further Details
AmeriCorps Eligible
Eligible
Driving Logistics
Valid Drivers License Needed
Housing or Stipend Provided?
Yes
Shared seasonal housing is provided at the YCC dormitory and possibly at frontcountry or backcountry campsites if on field projects.
Indoor/Outdoor
Indoor
US Citizenship
Required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d07a8164bbb05a1e,d07a8164bbb05a1e,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,Stingray Cementing and Acidizing - Electronic Tech,Mammoth Energy Services,"Midland, TX 79707",2020-01-11,"The Elec. Tech will be responsible for the day to day maintenance and operations of communication instrumentation for Cementing and Acidizing equipment.
A Day in the life of an Electronics Tech:
Perform duties according to the documented Quality Policy and comply with all requirements of the Quality Systems Manual, Standard Operating Procedures and Work Place Instructions
Perform basic soldering and wiring termination techniques
Build, repair, and maintain instrumentation and communication cables utilized on the cementing and acidizing equipment
Read and understand electrical drawings and schematics, explain the connection symbols, and identify connections, components and terminal points
Understand the basic function, connection and communication capability of all equipment utilized in the fracturing process
Perform basic maintenance of computer systems including software and hardware updates
Standardized forms, and reporting media
Maintain daily work logs, paperwork requirements, and work orders as required
Travel to job locations and perform emergency repairs on electronics and instrumentation
Install and configure electronic equipment, instrumentation and software
Communicate details and directions in a clear and coherent manner
Perform other duties as assigned by the supervisor

High school diploma or equivalent
Knowledge of Ohm's law
Problem solving skills
Knowledge of electronic test equipment and tools
Ability to read equipment prints and schematics to perform competent troubleshooting
1-3 years of experience in maintenance and repair of instrumentation, such as: flowmeters, transducers, densitometers and controllers
Work flexible schedule, including long and/or irregular hours
Must have the ability to be on call
Required to attend jobs at customer locations
Environment: Frequent exposure to outdoor elements including wet, humid conditions and extreme heat or cold.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=086eec7778c1e613,086eec7778c1e613,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,"Marketing Coordinator, KSE Radio",Kroenke Sports Enterprises,"Denver, CO 80246 (Southeastern Denver area)",2020-02-09,"Marketing Coordinator (Kroenke Sports & Entertainment Radio Ventures)

We will be accepting applications for this position through the end of day Friday Februrary 21, 2020.

This position is located at our Glendale, CO office location.

About Us

Kroenke Sports & Entertainment (KSE) is an American Sports and entertainment holding company based in Denver, Colorado. Kroenke Sports & Entertainment is committed to providing world class sports and entertainment for both live and broadcast audiences. We will welcome fans into our venues as family, providing respect and care from the purchase of a ticket, to the drive home. We will celebrate the best in sport and entertainment by recognizing the diversity and human spirit around us, and by working within our community to improve the lives of all those within the community. We will strive to perform this mission within a viable and self-sustaining business model.

About Our Job

Job Responsibilities will include:
Assist the Marketing Director in developing cross marketing opportunities with the Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, Colorado Mammoth and Colorado RapidsDemonstrated ability to work independently as well as with a team in a fast-paced environment and produce under tight deadlines with multiple prioritiesCoordinate and attend Live Broadcasts, remotes, appearances and events for Altitude Sports 92.5.Create action plans for Live Broadcasts, remotes and events
Contribute to the creation and development of marketing strategies and contestsCoordinate the execution and fulfillment of contests, promotions and general marketing programsAttend weekly Denver Nugget and Colorado Avalanche Revenue and Relevancy meetingsAssist the Digital Marketing Coordinator on projects when neededResponsible for writing the weekly Whats Happening report for Altitude Sports 92.5.
Create and communicate event schedules, duties, etc. to on-air talent and part-time promo staff
Assist in training part-time promo staffAttend weekly promotion meetingsResponsible for calling prize winners and entering prize sheets in to the Altitude Sports database
Attend events for MIX 100 and KOOL 105 when neededOther duties as assigned by Marketing Director or General Manager

About You

Our ideal candidate will have the following:
Excellent written and verbal skillsSkill in word processing and spreadsheet programs (MS Word and Excel preferred), Power PointBachelors degree, major in communication, public relations or marketingMust have at least two years of experience in radio station promotionsExperience with event planning and executionUnderstanding of marketing concepts and brand management with various target demographicsPossess strong creative problem-solving skills and have high level of attention to detail.
Must have strong organization skills with the ability to multi-taskStrong communication skills and creativity are integral to this positionAbility to acquire or produce and maintain a valid Colorado drivers license and meet company vehicle driving standardsAbility to work flexible hours including evenings, weekends and holidays.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73cd4b1f894e2b26,73cd4b1f894e2b26,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,F-35 Fighter Effectiveness Analyst,AMERICAN SYSTEMS,"Lancaster, CA 93536",2020-01-11,"AMERICAN SYSTEMS is currently seeking former/currentFighter Pilots, Bomber Pilots EWOs and WSOsfor our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program at Edwards AFB California. The positions are to support the JSF Operational Test Team (JOTT) at Edwards AFB, CA. This is a great opportunity to be on the cutting edge of our country's next generation of fighter aircraft.
Work Location is Edwards AFB California .
JOB SCOPE:Responsible for providing daily technical assistance in the development of test objectives and plans, test execution, result analysis, and reporting. Integral part of the JOTT USAF, Navy, Marine Corps, and coalition team. Frequently interacts with the Joint Program Office, DOTE, and multiservice multinational organizations.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND DUTIES:
Will become a test team technical expert in various areas pertinent to 5th Gen fighter aircraft operational testing (e.g. F-35 capabilities, weapons, and tactics) Drafts operational effectiveness test plans, reports, and various supporting documents and briefings
Assists the Test Director in timely preparation of high-quality analysis across the varied test venues during all test phases
Contributes to all facets of test design and planning using in-depth knowledge of system under test, JOTT test policies, and test range capabilities
Attends meetings and conferences as required

ADDITIONAL DUTIES:
Likely to perform one or more of the duties below during periods of Operational Test Evaluates pilot/test participant mission briefs/debriefs, including the performance of the system under test, cockpit record media playback, and test range data to formulate an assessment of system effectiveness and mission capability
Coordinates and schedules test support assets, including ranges, airspace, and adversaries
Performs as Kill Removal Officer to remove blue or red air players in a timely manner
Reviews documents and briefings, comparing content with government disclosure documents
Coordinates documents and briefings for release to countries participating in F-35 Operational Test

TRAVEL: 0-2 trips per month in the CONUS, more frequent during active testing
About The F-35:
The F-35 brings cutting-edge technologies to the battle space of the future. The JSFs advanced airframe, autonomic logistics, avionics, propulsion systems, stealth, and firepower will ensure that the F-35 is the most affordable, lethal, supportable and survivable aircraft ever to be used by so many warfighters across the globe.
Living and Working at Edwards AFB:
The local community around Edwards AFB is made up of Palmdale/Lancaster (urban desert) and Tehachapi (rural mountain) with an abundance of sunshine and good weather.
The area has affordable housing and minimal traffic for daily commuting, with access to larger population centers and outdoor activities on weekends.
California offers attractive veterans benefits, including free college tuition for dependents of disable d veterans.
Within easy reach of Edwards are some of the nation's best natural attractions and premier vacation getaway destinations.
Activities and Attractions
Yosemite and Sequoia National Parks
World acclaimed amusement parks and attractions
Mountain biking and off-road four wheeling
Hiking and camping
Golfing- high desert and coastal, beginners to PGA
World-class ski resort and vacation destinations: Mammoth Mountain, Snow Summit, Mount Baldy and Big Bear Lake
Beaches/Surfing /sailing

Founded in 1975, AMERICAN SYSTEMS is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the United States. We are a government services contractor focused on delivering Strategic Solutions to complex national priority programs with 100+ locations worldwide. Our employee-owners are encouraged to make a difference, implement new ideas in a collaborative environment, and focus on mission critical success. Through our focus on quality, strong cultural beliefs and innovation we deliver excellence every day. Join us! AWARDED BEST OF THE BEST by U.S. Veterans Magazine and TOP 10 MILITARY FRIENDLY COMPANY by MilitaryFriendly.com
#CJPOST RP:BB8
Job Requirements
Bachelors Degree
Previous experience as one of the following: Military Fighter Pilot, Electronic Warfare Officer (EWO), Bomber Pilot or Weapons Systems Officer (WSO), with 6 + years of operational military experience
Demonstrated exceptional operational military tactics and employment expertise
Proficient in use of Microsoft Office products

DESIRED EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Multi-role fighter pilot, qualified as IP & mission commander, experience with employment of AMRAAM and precision guided munitions
Operational joint and/or coalition experience
Deployment experience with combat time
Operational Test and Evaluation experience
Familiarity with current JOTT test plans, test procedures, data collection, analysis, and reporting

SECURITY CLEARANCE: SECRETclearance with less than six years since the last investigation closed out. Candidates must also have the ability to obtain aTOP SECRETclearance andSpecial Access Program (SAP) clearancesto perform the work. Candidates who already possess aTOP SECRETclearance are highly desired.
EOE M/F/Disability/Veterans",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=59044e1e0b5c8ca8,59044e1e0b5c8ca8,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,"Sales Director, Partnership Marketing & Media Sales",Kroenke Sports Enterprises,"Denver, CO 80204 (Auraria area)",2020-01-11,"Sales Director, Partnership Marketing & Media Sales (Kroenke Sports & Entertainment)

We will be accepting applications through end of day Thursday February 13th, 2020.

About Us


Kroenke Sports & Entertainment (KSE) is an American Sports and entertainment holding company based in Denver, Colorado. Kroenke Sports & Entertainment is committed to providing world class sports and entertainment for both live and broadcast audiences. We will welcome fans into our venues as family, providing respect and care from the purchase of a ticket, to the drive home. We will celebrate the best in sport and entertainment by recognizing the diversity and human spirit around us, and by working within our community to improve the lives of all those within the community. We will strive to perform this mission within a viable and self-sustaining business model.

Partnership Marketing & Media Sales is responsible for driving marketing partnership revenue across multiple platforms (TV, digital, radio, in-arena, etc.) for the Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, Colorado Rapids, Colorado Mammoth, Pepsi Center, Dicks Sporting Goods Park and Altitude Sports & Entertainment.


About Our Job

The Sales Director is responsible for selling new and incremental strategic business partnerships that directly impact Partnership Marketing & Media Sales renewal and revenue goals.


Job responsibilities will include:
Develop fully-integrated, customized sponsorship platforms based on the specific and unique business challenges for each prospect, utilizing all brands and assets to help fulfill the client business objectives.Draw on a list of contacts developed from past sponsorship experiences and develop/cultivate (cold call) new corporate marketing prospects to pursue revenue.Research, prospect and establish leads for corporate relationships followed by an introductory needs analysis/discovery meeting utilizing a consultative sales approach.Continually keep abreast of sports marketing trends and knowledge of the marketplace.Works closely with other departments within the organization on corporate partner related programs including game operations, community relations, public relations, ticket sales and marketing, as well as team and facility operations.Prepares weekly sales reports and participates in Kroenke Sports & Entertainment activities/meetings.Capable and available to work extended hours including nights, weekends, and holidays as necessary.Work in a team environment.

About You

Our ideal candidate will have the following:
Ability to successfully manage multiple customers and meet short deadlines.Ability to establish and maintain strong working corporate relationships with senior level managers/clientsSelf-motivated team player with a proven ability to work with aggressive individual and team sales goals.Must have strong interpersonal communication skillsExcellent oral, written and presentation skills.Knowledge of sports marketing and types of sponsor inventory.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPointPossess superior negotiation skills coupled with a net profit bottom line mentality.
Must be creative, detail oriented, possess a strong work ethic, and be willing to learn.Solutions oriented problem-solving mentality a must.Bachelors degreeExperience with TV, radio, digital, social, and print promotional media sales.Minimum 5 years of corporate sponsorship sales experience.Experience selling digital and out-of-home assets a plus.Experience with KORE CRM Software, Scarborough Research, Nielsen, Repucom, a plus.
We appreciate your interest in working with KSE but please do not apply if you do not have the following required minimum qualifications:
A Bachelors Degree
A Minimum of 3 Years Experience in Sponsorship and/or Media Sales
A Valid Drivers License",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4dc3ebab840d686,a4dc3ebab840d686,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,Police Officer,"Town of Mammoth Lakes, CA","Mammoth Lakes, CA",2020-01-11,"The Position
The Mammoth Lakes Police Department is accepting applications for the position of Police Officer (Lateral or, Academy-Trained). While we do not currently have any vacancies, we will continue to accept applications for review as the needs of the department require.
The Community
The Town of Mammoth Lakes is a year-round resort community located in the southwestern region of Mono County along the Eastern Sierra mountain range. The town is surrounded by over two million acres of forest and is bordered by the Ansel Adams and John Muir Wilderness areas adjacent to Yosemite National Park. We have a year-round resident population of approximately 8,000, which increases to over 40,000 during peak seasons. Mammoth Lakes offers a fantastic lifestyle and abundant recreational opportunities such as skiing, snowboarding, mountain biking, fishing, hunting, camping, rock climbing, and so much more!
The Department
The Mammoth Lakes Police Department's mission is to provide quality law enforcement services, while building partnerships to prevent crime, maintain public trust, and enhance the quality of life throughout the community. We are a full service law enforcement agency that uses both traditional and non-traditional policing methods to respond to the community's needs. We hold ourselves to the highest ethical and professional standards of conduct, always treating people with dignity, fairness, and respect.
For more information on the department, visit our website and follow us on social media!

The Ideal Candidate
The Mammoth Lakes Police Department is looking for individuals who are motivated and dedicated to working in a growing resort community. You must be team-oriented and committed to the future direction of the department and the wider community. You must be flexible and have exemplary interpersonal skills. Integrity and outstanding moral character is a must. You must be willing to work irregular hours, rotating shifts, weekends, holidays, and special events.
Job Definition
Perform law enforcement and crime prevention work including but not limited to: controlling traffic flow and enforcing state and local traffic regulations; performing investigative work; participating in and providing support and assistance to special department crime prevention and enforcement programs; and, assisting the public.
View the recruitment flyer here! Supervision Received and Exercised
Receives general supervision from sworn administrative and supervisory staff. Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Duties include, but are not limited to:
Patrol Town in radio equipped car; answer calls for the protection of life and property, and the enforcement of Town, county and state laws; conduct both preliminary and follow up investigations of disturbances, prowlers, burglaries, thefts, hold ups, vehicle accidents, death, and other criminal incidents.
Respond to calls related to traffic incidents and any other required emergencies; observe, monitor and control routine and unusual traffic conditions; assist and advise motorists and enforce traffic safety laws.
Make arrests as necessary; interview victims, complainants and witnesses; interrogate suspects; gather and preserve evidence; testify and present evidence in court.
Contact and cooperate with other law enforcement agencies in matters relating to the apprehension of offenders and the investigation of offenses.
Prepare reports of arrests made, activities performed, and unusual incidents observed.
Stop drivers who are operating vehicles in violation of laws; warn drivers against unlawful practices; issue citations and make arrests as necessary.
Check buildings for physical security.
Search, fingerprint and transport prisoners.
Direct traffic at fires, special events, and other emergency or congested situations.
Maintain contact with citizens regarding potential law enforcement problems and preserve good relationships with the general public.

Perform special investigative and crime prevention duties as required.
Administer first aid as necessary.
Animal Control - Contact aggressive or wild animals (i.e. bears, deer); contact and capture domesticated animals (i.e. cats, dogs); use of lethal and less lethal weapons against bears; quarantine animals; write reports; issue citations; register animals; work with animal shelters; euthanize animals.
Perform related duties as assigned. For a complete position description, click here. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Education - Completion of P.O.S.T.-approved academy including all physical requirements of the academy. Equivalent to completion of the twelfth grade is required. An associates degree from an accredited college with major coursework in police science, criminal justice, or a related field is highly desirable. Experience - One year of continuous law enforcement experience is preferred. Licenses - Possession of, or ability to obtain, an appropriate, valid California Basic P.O.S.T. certificate. Possession of, or ability to obtain within the state required time frame, a valid California driver's license. Benefits
The Town of Mammoth Lakes offers a competitive benefits package including:

CalPERS retirement plan (3% @ 50 for Classic; 2.7% @ 57 for PEPRA)
6.9% holiday pay
P.O.S.T. incentive pay (2.5% intermediate; 7.5% advanced; 10% supervisory)
5% bilingual pay
Longevity pay
Additional special assignment pay (including: 5% Officer-In-Charge; 5% Field Training Officer)
100% employer-paid health insurance for employee and eligible dependents
Generous vision & dental reimbursement program
Employer contribution of $4,500/year into Retiree Health Savings Account
Comprehensive leave accrual beginning at 7 hours per month, increasing with years of service
Sick leave accrual of 8 hours per month
Employer-paid life insurance for employee and eligible dependents
457 and tax deferred supplemental insurance plan options

Potential short-term housing available for successful candidates.
Police Officers' Association Compensation Schedules Application Special Instructions
Applications will be accepted via the online career portal only. Resumes sent via any other means will not be accepted. An application screening committee will select applicants whose education, experience, and training most closely match the requirements of the position and the needs of the department. Successful candidates will be contacted as necessary. All candidates will be notified of their status throughout the process.
Any inquiries as to the process or applicant status should be directed to Cassandra Mance, Human Resources Manager at cmance@townofmammothlakes.ca.gov or (760) 965 3604.
Follow us on LinkedIn!",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=085aac621470d714,085aac621470d714,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,iOS Engineer,Mammoth Media,"Santa Monica, CA 90401 (Downtown/Third Street Promenade area)",2020-01-11,"Title: iOS Engineer

Reporting to: Head of Engineering

The iOS Engineer is responsible for the development and maintenance of applications aimed at a range of iOS devices including mobile phones and tablet computers. This roles primary focus will be the development of iOS applications and their integration with back-end services. The Senior iOS Engineer will be working alongside other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure.

Responsibilities:
Work in a team of engineers to provide high-quality code contributions to our iOS apps
Work closely with product designers to iterate on new features and products
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features
Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs
Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization
Qualifications:

Minimum of 2-3 years experience working as an iOS developer & involvement in the full app development cycle with at least 1-2 apps in the app store
Proficient with Swift, and Cocoa Touch
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services
Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards
Understanding of Apples design principles and interface guidelines
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
Knack for benchmarking and optimization
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools ( Git )
Familiarity with continuous integration
Experience with Ad-Supported and In-App Purchase business models a big plus
About Mammoth:
Mammoth Media is redefining entertainment for the mobile-first generation. Mammoth is the first company to produce, distribute, and monetize original entertainment apps for micro-boredom in daily life.

""Most app developers targeting teens and their ever-shrinking attention spans fall short of mainstream success  but not Mammoth Media."" - Mashable

Mammoth is the studio behind consistently top-charting apps, Yarn and Wishbone
Mammoth is disrupting the traditional Hollywood model by combining established writers, Influencer talent, and an innovative format with real-time data analytics to deliver premiere content for the mobile-first generation
Mammoths innovative approach to creating and distributing content has made waves within the industry, grabbing the attention of authoritative outlets Mashable, Variety, TechCrunch and VideoInk, to name a few
Mammoth is creating unique and organic sponsored content with partners and brands such as LOral, Dunkin Donuts, M2, Crypt TV, Vertical Networks and Skype, allowing for direct engagement with consumer audiences that cuts through the clutter",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=71ca1466d6c51219,71ca1466d6c51219,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,"Marketing Coordinator (B2B, retail, and project management r...",Mammoth Distribution,"Los Angeles, CA",2020-02-05,"We are a Cannabis Distribution company that deeply cares about the success of our retail partners.
The Job - we are looking for an experienced Project Manager to help our retail partners drive sales.
This would be focused on all the things that happen at the store level (not digital or website or social, etc.) -
For example, you might be asked to coordinate with our sales and delivery teams to launch a new promotion. This would include figuring out how to clearly articulate the message, get posters put up, educate the budtenders with talking points etc.
Data and project management background is absolutely essential for this role. If you have in-store retail experience, even better.

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not unlawfully discriminate against, make employment decisions, or permit harassment based on perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, immigration status, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics or expression, disability, medical condition, U.S. Military or veteran status, salary history, or any other basis protected under federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Our company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities, including but not limited to the Fair Pay Act, FEHA, and all applicable laws and ordinances regarding conviction and arrest history.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bc6f1f9c58d0b57d,bc6f1f9c58d0b57d,indeed,Mammoth Media
new,Admin Dev Consultant - Contract-to-Hire,Mammoth Media,"Santa Monica, CA",2020-02-07,"Title: Admin Dev Consultant - Contract-to-Hire
Reporting to: Head of Engineering
Mammoth Media is looking for a highly motivated, experienced and skilled fullstack web developer to join our team for a special project.

Overview

Were looking for an experienced Fullstack Web Developer to rebuild an internal website based on new specs and a current site that this new one will replace. This is essentially a custom web client for our CMS.

We are looking for:
Proficiency building web apps with React (other popular, modern, frontend frameworks helpful). Particularly with Node.js REST API backend. 
Knowledge of AngularJS to read and understand current code in order to migrate existing functionality accurately. 
Evident track record of building scalable, extensible web apps, including tests and build scripts.
Proficiency with Node.js, Elasticsearch, and MySQL is a plus

About Mammoth: 

Mammoth Media is redefining entertainment for the mobile-first generation. Mammoth is the first company to produce, distribute, and monetize original entertainment apps for micro-boredom in daily life. 

""Most app developers targeting teens and their ever-shrinking attention spans fall short of mainstream success  but not Mammoth Media."" - Mashable 

Mammoth is the studio behind consistently top-charting apps, Yarn and Wishbone
Mammoth is disrupting the traditional Hollywood model by combining established writers, Influencer talent, and an innovative format with real-time data analytics to deliver premiere content for the mobile-first generation
Mammoths innovative approach to creating and distributing content has made waves within the industry, grabbing the attention of authoritative outlets Mashable, Variety, TechCrunch and VideoInk, to name a few
Mammoth is creating unique and organic sponsored content with partners and brands such as LOral, Dunkin Donuts, M2, Crypt TV, Vertical Networks and Skype, allowing for direct engagement with consumer audiences that cuts through the clutter",,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=215203&s=58&guid=000001702ed5e8fc980c0c4d40303b03&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_d2e1259c&cb=1581333736010&jobListingId=3357471084,3357471084,glassdoor,Mammoth Media
new,Freelance Motion Graphics Designer,Mammoth Media,"Los Angeles, CA",2020-01-11,"Mammoth Media is currently seeking freelance Motion Graphics Designers for mobile to help create content for our Snapchat Discover channel  Wishbone! Please see below for a quick brief on what we're looking for:-Design assets to fit the mobile format (motion graphics, animations, flat content, and long-form editorial)-Create content designed for the teen female audience-Collaborate in small team with editor/producer to conceptualize and create custom motion graphics-Create eye-catching graphics and engaging designs that is true to the brand spirit-Own designs from initial concept creation to final sign-off-Submit creative deliverables within the agreed upon deadline-Experience with Adobe After Effects, Premiere, and Photoshop are a must-Knowledge of design principles: including color, layout, and hierarchyPlease include a video reel with your resume. Review our channel and creatives we create here: https://www.snapchat.com/discover/Wishbone/6630983211Job Type: ContractSalary: $18.00 to $29.00 /hourExperience:relevant: 2 years (Preferred)Graphic Design: 2 years (Preferred)Contract Length:VariesFull Time Opportunity:NoWork Location:Fully RemoteThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment","Hot
Easy Apply",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=389273&s=58&guid=000001702ed5e8fc980c0c4d40303b03&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EL&ist=&ast=EL&vt=w&slr=true&ea=1&cs=1_a490c434&cb=1581333736008&jobListingId=3458725056,3458725056,glassdoor,Mammoth Media
