status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,McKinsey SteelLens Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Excellent academic qualifications in ferrous metals, metallurgy or related field; MSc preferred
5+ years of work experience in the steel industry, with a focus steel production, process engineering, continuous improvement, technical consulting or maintenance
Excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to work in English (other languages also welcome)
Superior problem-solving and analytical skills with proficiency in business software (e.g., Excel, Powerpoint), and advanced analytical packages
Experience working in a rapidly growing business with an entrepreneurial spirit, autonomy, and a keen interest in taking action to build the business in a start-up environment
Significant understanding of the industry dynamics of the steel sector
Passion for analytics and interest in developing new approaches to steel data analysis and application to operational improvement
Willing to work in a highly demanding and result-oriented team environment with periodic travel to remote steel plant locations
Ability to be stand-alone in senior client settings and present complex value propositions to client executives
Prior experience of anchoring client engagements independently

WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in Dsseldorf, Germany as part of our global SteelLens team. SteelLens is part of McKinseys Basic Materials Institute.
SteelLens provides steel companies with the strategic business intelligence they need to identify, quantify, and prioritize value creation opportunities in their operations. It combines McKinsey's steel operations diagnostic approach, a comprehensive database of steel performance benchmarks, and global steel expertise. SteelLens enables clients to assess and improve labor productivity, equipment effectiveness, and reduce costs. SteelLens is tasked to identify improvement opportunities, quantify the value at stake and deliver recommendations for action to senior clients and front-line managers to improve performance.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll lead and conduct specific cost and benchmarking analysis supporting operational performance assessments of steel production assets globally.
These could cover the full steel production value chain from coke making and sintering, to hot metal production, steelmaking, casting, rolling and coating.
When regularly embedded into client service teams, you'll be responsible for all the processes associated to a SteelLens diagnostic, lead the problem-solving with the team and credibly present the insights and benchmarking results to clients in a compelling way.
You'll lead specific business development efforts to generate new clients and maintain existing clients, new product development of innovative approaches to steel industry data analytics from A-Z including business cases and be up-to-date with latest industry trends and competitor offerings.
You'll lead and follow up on specific client development initiatives in effort to build client relationships. You'll lead specific internal and/or external knowledge initiatives, be responsible for the codification of knowledge pieces and their presentation on leading steel industry conferences and contribute to coordinating and planning external events. In close cooperation with other firm team members you will lead and shape the SteelLens knowledge agenda.
You'll contribute to the further development and growth of the SteelLens team by participating in hiring activities and actively coach and mentor junior colleagues.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eae537ac7ca32573,eae537ac7ca32573,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,HR Coordinator,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-02-07,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree
Relevant corporate HR experience, preferably in a multinational or shared services environment
Solid knowledge of basic computer applications
Strong organizational and prioritization skills
High attention to detail
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Strong customer service orientation
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Ability to communicate effectively - both verbally and in writing
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Manila office as part of our Site Services team. Our local team is dynamic and diverse, providing a wide range of support across different functional areas: Recruiting, Human Resources, Learning, Office Services, and Office IT.
While working with the team locally, you will also be part of the global Human Resources function, working together with counterparts in different locations and regions. This enables regional and global alignment and supports continuous growth and improvement of not only the Human Resources function but also our people.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide HR services to Manila Service Center colleagues, ensuring that they continue to receive high-quality support until separation.
In this role, you will be assisting colleagues throughout their onboarding process and help ensure compliance with local regulatory requirements. You will process various HR requests and handle benefits administration, and you will support colleague engagement initiatives. You will also provide general HR guidance to members and assist them with their needs, serving as their business partner when appropriate.
Youll have the opportunity to build relationships with internal clients, counterparts, and leaders across the firm and gain new skills and build on the strengths that you have. You will receive appropriate training sessions and learning opportunities as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f0e469638d2eddc6,f0e469638d2eddc6,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Asia Banking Performance Accelerator (ABPA),McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-02-05,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree required, preferably an MBA or masters degree from a tier-1 institute with outstanding academic record
4-8 years of work experience, with a distinctive record of professional achievement and impact preferably either in financial services firms or ideally in finance consulting
Preferred financial institution experience related to retail or SME commercial banking, with functional expertise across business management, strategy or transformation, sales analytics, credit modelling and analyses or data analytics
Experience working with cross-functional teams
In-depth of knowledge and involvement in helping frame, design and execute solutions for challenging business situations
Ease in approaching issues from a top management view and discussing them in the overall context of a business
Ability to absorb rapidly and grapple with a wide range of complex business issues
Outstanding problem solving skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues, develop hypotheses and actionable recommendations from data and analysis
Experience in leading multi-disciplinary teams to collectively deliver solutions in complex and high demand situations
Able to help coach and guide new colleagues and introduce expert-based capabilities and knowledge within the team
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially directed to senior executive audience
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Good understanding of the business models, value drivers, and industry contexts of one or more sectors of financial institutions: public or private-sector banks, asset management, credit card and payment companies and regulatory bodies
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Kuala Lumpur office and will be part of the Asia Banking Performance Accelerator (ABPA) hub. ABPA is an expert consulting team and a unit of the fast growing Asia Banking Practice.
We focus on delivering deep expertise on select transformation topics to Asia banking clients. Our ABPA team serves a wide variety of clients in the finance sectors, working on the key challenges organizations face today, ranging from growth and industry consolidation to operational efficiency and transformation. We aspire to attract, develop and retain practitioners who share our excitement and interest in the industry.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll focus on building expertise on select transformation themes in the banking industry and accelerating client impact by delivering your expertise in line with clients needs.
In this role you will work as part of client project teams to consult top management at client organizations in engagements that deliver transformational impact at scale. You will lead agreed workstreams, drive day-to-day analyses and problem-solving, and manage junior consultants and client project teams where necessary for your workstreams. The current priorities for ABPA include broad-based retail and SME banking transformations, driving analytics-led transformation and building digital capabilities in banking.
Additionally, as a member of McKinseys global network, you will integrate insights from internal and external specialists as well as develop expertise and thought-leadership in select transformation topics. You will be an important source of intellectual insights on a client engagement, help frame business problems in a way that the team can then execute to drive impact and client value. You will help develop distinctive proprietary knowledge and tools on select topics of client interest and build-up the banking knowledge base in Asia.
Furthermore, you will support Asia banking and ABPA leadership in identifying and developing new client opportunities to advise them on business transformations and capability building. You will bring in deep functional knowledge and proprietary tools to every client development situation.
There is flexibility to hire at the specialist or manager level depending on candidate experience.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bac3c1bd296b3af5,bac3c1bd296b3af5,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Operations,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-26,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree with strong academic background required, ideally in engineering or business administration; Advanced degree preferred
4-10 years of professional work experience
Exceptional problem-solving ability, including logical reasoning, creative thinking, comfort with numbers, and the ability to untangle complex issues
Demonstrated leadership within or outside a work setting
Frequently takes initiative and is eager to break new ground as seen through leadership roles
Demonstrated career trajectory; evidence of taking on larger responsibilities and/or more senior roles over time
Strategic management perspective
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Fluency in English and Portuguese or Spanish
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be part of our Operations practice, based in Buenos Aires.
Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will typically work in teams of 3 5 consultants to help clients achieve new performance highs.
You will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members.
Youll also gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Consultants receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fff4445c4854da9f,fff4445c4854da9f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Executive Assistant,McKinsey & Company,"Sultan, WA",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree
1 - 4 years of corporate experience in an administrative position, ideally in a professional services environment
Exceptional customer focus and willingness to go the extra-mile
Distinct quality mindset and attention to detail
Strong organizational and coordination skills
Ability stay focused under pressure and manage urgent tasks against aggressive timelines
Ability to build strong interpersonal relationships in order to effectively contribute to a highly collaborative and trust based work environment
Maturity to handle confidential and/or sensitive information
Willingness to learn and share knowledge and experience across regional and organizational boundaries
Open mindset and flexibility towards change and unforeseen circumstances
Excellent verbal and written language skills in English, with the ability to tailor messages for phone or email conversations
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in our Gurugram office and will be a part of the global Executive Assistant (EA) network. This group provides a broad range of administrative and logistical support to McKinsey consultants worldwide.
You will provide administrative support to the leadership of the firm by efficiently handling and managing all administrative matters of and for the leadership, allowing them to focus on their main responsibility of driving the business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will display your strong command of English by effectively liaising with clients, teams and other contacts.
In this role you will schedule internal and external meetings as well as phone and video conferences for the individuals you support. As a customer-focused EA, you will plan and manage complex itineraries and travel arrangements using your best judgement to assess the possible impact on priorities.
Your proactive mindset, big-picture thinking and problem-solving skills will allow you to identify possible conflicts and risks and adjust accordingly. As a strong team-player, you will build strong and lasting professional relationships with the individuals you support as well as colleagues.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=47196ac2b4a1171c,47196ac2b4a1171c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Basic Materials Practice Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Denver, CO 80202 (Lodo area)",2020-02-01,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree in engineering is strongly preferred
Advanced degree in metallurgy, mineral processing or materials engineering; MBA is a plus
3-7+ years of work experience with a distinctive record of achievement and impact, with a focus in one of the following areas: mine processing, beneficiation operations, business improvement at a major mining company, and strong engineering background
Field-based experience working on projects in the Mining & Metals industry
Knowledge of continuous improvement programs, i.e., Lean/Six Sigma is desirable
Exposure to Advanced Analytics and/or Data Science projects applied to operations is a plus
Exceptional problem-solving skills
Demonstrated leadership ability and experience
Ability to grasp and communicate complex ideas clearly
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong personal drive and motivation
Demonstrated success as a collaborative team player who is capable of working with others, but also autonomously with little direction
Proven ability to lead teams, motivate others, gain the respect of clients and colleagues, and work collaboratively
Ability to travel 60%-80%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in the Toronto office and will work with mining client service teams alongside the Optimus AI, Solution Delivery and MineLens teams.
OptimusAI is a proprietary solution based on a transformation approach, state-of-the art tools, machine learning models & techniques to increase processing plant productivity by developing decision support tools. Our approach blends together a robust delivery process with a highly specialist and collaborative team  both underpinned and supported by proprietary technology and products.
MineLens provides mining companies with the strategic business intelligence they need to identify, quantify, and prioritize value creation opportunities in their operations. It combines advanced analytics, a comprehensive database of mining performance benchmarks and global mining expertise.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will lead problem-solving efforts on a portion of a client engagement.
In this role you will deliver Mining/Metals business and Operations content knowledge (with a focus on mineral processing operations), working either directly with clients and client project teams.
You will be responsible for identifying issues, forming hypotheses, designing and conducting analysis, synthesizing conclusions into recommendations and helping to implement change with our clients. Throughout an engagement, you will be involved in discussions and presentations with senior client leadership. You will maintain or develop a strong internal reputation and network with client teams and be in the flow of new external thinking, including maintaining or developing an external reputation.
You will help build companys metals and mining capabilities, particularly in the area of advanced analytics applied to processing plants. You will renew personal knowledge and expertise over time to remain at the leading edge of the field. Depending on the level of experience of the candidate, we can hire at the Specialist or Expert level.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=275acc5af7da9c83,275acc5af7da9c83,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,MD Fellow,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Medical school students in year 2 or 3 can apply for roles that occur between their third and fourth year of medical school
No previous business experience is required
Currently residing in the United States or Canada
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in one of our global locations as a consultant. Consultants work in teams and directly with our clients to help solve their toughest business problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of client engagement.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members. The McKinsey MD Fellowship is an experiential full-time program for medical students who seek to become proficient in the business of medicine. This paid MD Fellowship program offers medical students between their third and fourth years the opportunity to spend two years as a McKinsey consultant, working with healthcare leaders in the private, public, and social sectors. Medical school students in year 2 or 3 can apply for roles that occur between their third and fourth year of medical school.
The goal of the MD Fellowship program is to train future leaders in health care by providing Fellows with world-class apprenticeship in solving business problems and leading in the business context during a two year program. These skills will be of direct and lasting relevance in a broad range of future careers, including leadership roles in academic medicine, operations roles in clinical enterprises and strategic roles in business, policy and administration.
MD Fellows serve on client project teams alongside traditional consultants, gaining broad exposure to health care businesses and business problems. They receive extensive day-to-day mentorship and apprenticeship from senior consultants. Fellows are also eligible for the extensive curriculum of professional development that McKinsey delivers to its new consultants, including >2.5 weeks of full-time learning programs in foundational skills, personalized coaching on developing as a leader, and on-demand access to McKinseys library of >500 self-paced learning modules. Fellows can expect to gain invaluable business training, a new perspective on healthcare systems and strategies, unparalleled professional development opportunities, and a global network of dynamic colleagues.
We have two primary application cycles for MD Fellowship to be considered for start dates in fall 2020 or 2021. The interview process will be identical to the process for fulltime APD candidates. To learn more about this process, please visit the Interview Tips portion of our website. In your application, please select that you are ""full-time in a school/university"" vs ""Graduate: post-doc or medical training"" under current status to ensure you are directed to the correct application questions. Please contact Melinda Sweeney at (melinda_sweeney@mckinsey.com) with any questions.
Our winter interview cycle has an application deadline of December 1, 2019 with interviews taking place in January 2020. We will have a larger fall cycle with a July deadline and August/September interviews; we recommend the fall process if possible. Final office selection and match will be made between your round 1 and final round interviews.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3ff634b9dbd18a82,3ff634b9dbd18a82,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Specialist, Gas & Power - Energy Insights",McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-02-05,"QUALIFICATIONS
MBA or other graduate degree in engineering, economics or another quantitative focused field is preferred
6-10 years of industry expertise in the gas sector preferably around market risk and investments or diligence focused consulting
Strong communication skills both verbal and in writing, problem solving capabilities, and interpersonal effectiveness
Ability to converse in Japanese is an added advantage
Entrepreneurial mindset and strong stakeholder management
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our McKinsey Energy Insights team and will be based in our Japan office.
McKinsey Energy Insights, a specialist data and analytics unit, provides distinctive analysis, insights, and support to energy players. We offer services along the oil and gas value chain, including exploration and production, refining and marketing, natural gas, trading and oil field services, and equipment. McKinsey Energy Insights dedicated specialists apply proprietary tools and methodologies and a data-driven approach. With our strong ties with McKinseys oil and gas consulting practice and access to the expertise of the wider McKinsey network, our research and analysis yield knowledge available nowhere else
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will deliver market analyses and forecasts for both internal and external clients and develop bespoke insights in the gas or power sector, often in a client facing consulting role.
In this role, you will contribute to daily problem solving, structuring, modeling and analytic support for our global gas tools and related analyses. You will gather the information necessary to develop these tools and to synthesize your findings into targeted products. These products may be in the form of complex models and summary reports which evolve into standalone presentations that outline key findings and recommendations to internal and external audiences.
You will deepen your global gas markets expertise, specializing in the relevant gas sectors over time (e.g. LNG markets, gas contracting) and develop your analytical approach as well as thought-partnership skills. You will work closely with senior expert practitioners to build synthesized perspectives for clients as well as state-of-the-art knowledge and analytical tools.
Lastly, youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring. You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15003e75b9fd7297,15003e75b9fd7297,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Junior Solution Delivery Analyst - McKinsey Transformation,...",McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-21,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree; Master's Degree is a plus
0-3 years of experience in the field of Data Analysis
Excellent interpersonal skills and change management mindset
Very strong problem-solving skills
Advanced Excel skills
Experience working with external clients
Project management experience with large roll out/implementation programs (CRM, ERP) is a plus
Independent self-management skills and ability to work independently or as part of a team
Ability to multi-task
Strong communications skills to facilitate discussions and conduct trainings
Entrepreneurial and comfortable with risk taking and ambiguity
Fluent in English, both written and verbal
Willingness to travel frequently
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Wave team in Gurgaon, India. Wave is a part of McKinsey Transformation.
McKinsey Transformation (MT) is a special unit of McKinsey that delivers a proven approach for transformational change to clients seeking radical and sustainable performance improvement. Over the last several years, we have worked with more than a hundred organizations around the world and across sectors. Most of our clients are driven by a desire to capture untapped potential; others face significant external challenges or industry discontinuities.
Wave equips clients to successfully manage improvement programs and transformations. Focused on business impact, Wave allows clients to track the impact of individual initiatives and understand how they affect longer term goals. Its mix of an intuitive interface and McKinsey business expertise givens clients a simple and insightful picture of what can otherwise be a complex process by allowing them to track the progress and performance of initiatives against business goals, budget, and timeframes.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be at the core to implement client business challenges with the capabilities of Wave.
In this role you will work with the Wave service delivery team and McKinsey consultants in joint problem-solving session. You will understand client business needs and implement technical solutions, by customizing Wave as per clients needs using JSON scripts. You will drive the process of converting/enriching raw client data sources into enriched dashboards to deliver insights related to the business challenges at stake.
You will plan and execute the roll-out of applications beyond engagements, which can include: deployment of applications on client infrastructure, configuration of applications for use by additional client organizational units and support of roll-out activities to large user bases. You will also be involved in clients capability building, by providing them remote trainings.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9d7bfbbb96e4555,d9d7bfbbb96e4555,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist- Petroleum Asset eXcellence (PAX),McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree preferably in Engineering or closely related specialty; Master's degree / PhD is advantageous
6+ years of experience working within an Oil & Gas company, either at an operator or service provider/OFSE Upstream focused (e.g., reservoir engineering, production optimization, drilling, completions, well intervention & services and facilities)
Strong business insight, impressive career development, and outstanding performance track record
Proven track record of participating in or leading successful change management
Experience participating in or leading an operational improvement project
Excellent written and oral English communication skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based out of our Houston office and will be part of the Petroleum Asset eXcellence (PAX) unit within McKinsey's Oil & Gas practice.
As part of PAX, you will work with and be part of a team of exceptional advisory professionals with similarly deep Upstream operational experience.
PAX helps clients unlock the full value of their Oil & Gas assets in a way using a combination of deep industry expertise and reliable, tested solutions. Our Oil & Gas practice serves clients across the entire Oil & Gas value chain, helping them manage risk and uncertainty, strengthening their organizations and improving performance.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will apply your industry experience to support clients and provide expertise and support to our client teams.
In this role you will work as a team member for specific client (Oil & Gas) operations, transformation and improvement programs with direct contact to key members of client organizations. You will provide analytical support to teams through the development and application of our proprietary Oil & Gas models.
Additionally, you'll work closely with client executives, McKinsey client project teams, and sector teams to develop recommendations based on the findings and ultimately drive implementation and change. You will participate in, and at times lead, key internal knowledge-building initiatives as well as conferences and client workshops.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d185c352f0097f9d,d185c352f0097f9d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Learning Delivery Manager - McKinsey Academy,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree, advanced degree preferred
3-7 years of project management and/or digital content development experience
Experience with education technology, organization or professional development or capability building is a plus
Organized with strong attention to detail
Structured verbal and written communications
Proficient in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with our McKinsey Academy team in Munich. You'll be part of a group of highly motivated entrepreneurs to drive our go-to-market strategy, build client relationships, and ensure successful design and delivery of our client programs.

McKinsey Academys mission is to accelerate transformations of companies and countries by unlocking the potential of their people. We do this by closely partnering with business and HR leaders to reimagine the approach to developing their leaders and building capabilities across the organization. McKinsey Academy is our center of excellence for leadership development and learning. We work closely with McKinsey Client Service Teams (CSTs) and directly with large organizations to identify and develop opportunities. Our offerings include Signature Programs, Custom Programs, Coaching Journeys, and Proprietary Diagnostics. We also have a cutting-edge digital platform, developed in partnership with edX and organizations like Harvard, Stanford, and MIT, to scale leadership development globally.

McKinsey Academy is designed for rising professionals and senior teams to develop the capabilities they need to help their organizations thrive. Our programs include courses developed and taught by McKinsey partners, combined with perspectives from the broader market including academics, executives, and thought leaders. The programs combine group-based project work and the newest social approaches that reinforce effective, lasting skills development. With optional in-person components, our programs can be a cost-effective way to build the capabilities of a large number of participants across an organization.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You willlead a cross-functional team of instructional designers, experts, and external vendors to design, produce, and deliver digital courses and in-person workshops on topics related to business and professional development
In your role you will work with senior partners and experts at the firm to develop engaging, cutting-edge content for business professionals across a range of functional, leadership, and management-related content. You will support client pursuits and collaborate with clients to configure program experiences that match their priorities. Additionally, you will plan and coordinate processes for measuring program impact, including synthesizing takeaways for client discussion and incorporating relevant changes into the McKinsey Academy content production processes.
You will operate in a rapidly growing new business inside McKinsey that values an entrepreneurial mindset and an applied, practical, non-hierarchical approach to teams and execution.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90004edd4f260b84,90004edd4f260b84,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Warehousing and Logistics,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-02-01,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree, ideally in engineering, supply chain or finance
5+ years of exposure to supply chain concepts and deep understanding of network design, inventory, or physical flow management
Extensive professional experience in warehouse design and optimization
Familiarity with the latest in supply chain technology and systems, ie: track and trace, telematics, ELD, WMS, TMS, warehouse simulation
Clear demonstration of having led operational improvements and in managing key transformation factors (e.g., performance management systems, mindsets/behaviors)
Outstanding record of leadership in an academic, professional, or extracurricular setting
Ability to structure and solve complex analytical problems and interpret analysis, both verbally and in writing
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Comfortable with extensive travel, up to 80%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in one of our offices in North America and will be part of the Operations practice, focused on the Manufacturing and Supply Chain service line. You will be part of a team to work directly with clients in solving the world's toughest problems. Blending strategic thinking and hands-on practicality, our team of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems on a global scale.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients think through how to adapt their transportation, warehousing and technology needs.
This will include gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses and developing recommendations to present to clients. You will make a meaningful, hands-on contribution to the analysis, design and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
You will also share your expertise and insights with colleagues worldwide on topics ranging from the latest in supply chain technologies, transportation analysis and 3PL contract assessment to warehouse design and automation. This will allow our team to continually renew our expertise and support our clients on their journey to achieve competitive success.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a37b6941ee3189f,6a37b6941ee3189f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Supply Chain Management,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or Masters degree, MBA advantageous
Minimum 6 years of Supply Chain Management and/or Consulting experience preferably in Automotive, Pharmaceutical, IT/High-tech, Industrial/Consumer Goods, Retail, Chemical or General Merchandising Store (GMS) and Logistics Services sector
Previous experience managing: the design and implementation of logistics strategy, network or warehouse optimization, supply chain planning and management processes, supply chain modelling and optimization, supply chain software
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Fluent English and Japanese a must
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be working with McKinsey's Operations Practice in Japan. Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
Our Supply Chain Management service line part of our Operations Practice and helps leading companies in all industries develop and implement future-oriented logistics strategies We do this by making significant improvements in customer service while reducing invested capital and cost by transforming and optimizing their supply chains from end to end.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in teams with colleagues and client staff from a wide variety of business areas to develop innovative supply chain solutions, whilst maintaining a broad perspective. You will also work together with other staff from our worldwide Operations Practice to further develop our concepts, whilst expanding your own knowledge and skills.
You will bring your personal ideas and experiences to the job - thereby helping our clients to achieve competitive success, and us to continuously renew our expertise.
Youll also gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Consultants receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b52985183aec3e4e,b52985183aec3e4e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Manufacturing,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS or Minor in Engineering (Masters strongly preferred)
2-10 years hands-on experience in a high performance manufacturing environment is required (e.g., Operations Manager, Process Engineer, Quality lead)
Experience in the area of digital manufacturing a plus, with exposure to advanced manufacturing technologies including digital and big data, and working with initiatives such as design for manufacturability (DFM), computer integrated manufacturing (CIM), flexible manufacturing and 3D technologies
Must have current and deep knowledge in process redesign, utilizing Lean transformation tools and techniques rooted in the Toyota Production System
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
At McKinsey, you can build a career out of making things happen! Youll be working with McKinseys Manufacturing practice service line in North America. Our Manufacturing practice assists our clients in solving the world's toughest problems. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems on a global scale.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work as a client-facing consultant, a source of expertise for colleagues, and as a forward-thinking knowledge builder in the best practices of transformation.
You will use your expertise to drive change in system and network redesign, as well as improvements to the overall execution of large operationsthus the work will range from shop floor improvements to fundamental changes in work processes, and information and material flows.
You will make a meaningful, hands-on contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eaeb09fe0958642e,eaeb09fe0958642e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Analyst - Threat Intelligence,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Understanding of overall threat landscape
Knowledge of current operational threats and vulnerabilities, as well as tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) practiced by hacktivist, criminal, and nation-state actors
In-depth experience in intelligence analysis, to include the intelligence lifecycle, Diamond Threat Model, open source research, and analytical tradecraft
Experience in producing intelligence reports that are tactical, operational, and strategic
Experience in briefing intelligence products to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Experience with collecting, analyzing, synthesizing, and interpreting qualitative and quantitative data from multiple sources for the purposes of documenting findings that provide actionable intelligence to decision makers
Understanding of attack techniques (e.g. Cyber Kill Chain, ATT&CK Matrix) and attack technologies (e.g. Metasploit, Nmap)
Familiarity with at least one of the major TIP solutions (ThreatConnect, Recorded Future, Anomali)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll join our Gurgaon office as part of our Threat Intelligence group within the Information Security team. This team is the core of implementing necessary technical controls to identify and mitigate all cyber risks for the firm. Your team members will be based all around the world in different time zones (Czech Republic, UK, USA, Costa Rica).
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help deliver threat intelligence and provide capability improvements.
In this role you will be responsible for monitoring and assessing tactical vulnerability intelligence sources and communicating applicable advisories to McKinseys technical infrastructure and business stakeholders. You will improve McKinseys security posture as you work with different teams such as Cyber Risk, Vulnerability Management, Incidence Response, and Security Operations.
You will also monitor and evaluate current and emerging cyber threats via open and commercial feeds. You will lead various projects to improve McKinseys security posture such as assessing relevant threats and their TTPs/vectors, reaching conclusions, and making recommendations in a clear and concise manner to decision makers.
You will identify, develop and process threat signatures from all available sources. You will manage and maintain threat indicators in the McKinsey's threat intelligence platform (TIP). You will also work with teams including but not limited to Network and Application Architecture to access any impact of external/internal threats.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a2d003326e4e9410,a2d003326e4e9410,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Research Analyst (m/w/d) - PFIC Corporate & Investmen...,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben Ihr Studium der Betriebswirtschaftslehre mit Schwerpunkt Bank-/Finanzwesen berdurchschnittlich erfolgreich abgeschlossen und verfgen ber einen Masterabschluss.
Sie kennen sich im deutschen Bankensektor aus und konnten dort bereits erste Erfahrungen sammeln, z.B. durch Praktika bei fhrenden Finanzdienstleistern oder im Rahmen einer Bankausbildung.
Sie haben in mathematischen Fchern gute bis sehr gute Noten erzielt und besitzen ausgeprgte analytische Fhigkeiten.
Sie suchen den Berufseinstieg oder verfgen bereits ber ein bis zwei Jahre relevante Berufserfahrung.
In Ihrer tglichen Arbeit zeichnen Sie sich durch hohe Einsatzbereitschaft, Teamgeist und Eigeninitiative aus.
Ausgezeichnete kommunikative Fhigkeiten in Wort und Schrift  sowohl in deutscher als auch in englischer Sprache  sowie ein routinierter Umgang mit MS Office runden Ihr Profil ab.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Panorama Financial Institutional Insights & Consulting (PFIC) von McKinsey & Company ist ein weltweites Research-Netzwerk von Analysten, das Informationen und Analysen fr unsere Studien bei fhrenden Banken, Asset Managers und Versicherungen bereitstellt. Das Spektrum der Aufgaben reicht von der kurzfristigen Informationsrecherche ber komplexe Analysen bis zur langfristigen Projektuntersttzung. Als Partner der Beratungsteams leisten wir magebliche Beitrge zur Klientenarbeit und zum internen Wissensaufbau. Zur Verstrkung unseres Teams suchen wir zum nchstmglichen Termin fr unser Bro in Frankfurt einen
(Junior) Research Analyst (m/w)  Corporate & Investment Banking
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Als Spezialist(in) fr Corporate & Investment Banking arbeiten Sie mit unserem weltweit ttigen Beratungsteams zusammen. Sie erstellen Markt- und Unternehmensanalysen und helfen unseren Teams, verschiedene Fragen zur Bankenindustrie zu beantworten.
Dabei analysieren Sie aktuelle Themen des Firmenkundengeschfts, erarbeiten Markt- und Wettbewerbsanalysen und werden zum Experten in einem oder mehreren Teilgebieten des Sektors. Im Rahmen Ihrer Schwerpunktthemen beteiligen Sie sich zudem an internen Projekten mit Fokus auf der Entwicklung der globalen Kapitalmrkte oder des globalen Firmenkundengeschfts.
Mit Ihrer rasch zunehmenden Expertise und Erfahrung bernehmen Sie nicht nur eigenstndige Projekte, sondern auch Verantwortung fr die Weiterentwicklung jngerer Kollegen  mit der Aussicht, unsere Klienten zuknftig direkt entweder in einer Spezialistenrolle oder als Knowledge Consultant zu untersttzen. Bewerben Sie sich jetzt und werden Sie Teil eines auergewhnlichen Teams!",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8b4f1818a5790dfe,8b4f1818a5790dfe,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Research Analyst  Strategy and Corporate Finance,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-18,"QUALIFICATIONS
Strong analytical skills, creative thinking and excellent problem solving capabilities.
Strong work ethic, comfortable with handling multiple tasks, reprioritizing on the fly
Interest in the corporate finance and strategy knowledge domains with intermediate content knowledge
Good written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to interact effectively at all levels of a large international organization
Energetic, cooperative and pleasant personality
Able to work with and handle effectively a diverse group of team members
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with the Strategy & Corporate Finance Practice (S&CF) based in Shanghai.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will serve as a point of contact for research requests.
In this role you will articulate, scope, and prioritize research needs and identify and gather relevant information using a broad spectrum of appropriate sources. You will organize, analyze, and synthesize facts into targeted, McKinsey formatted end products. These end products can be in the form of single exhibits, written summaries, financial models, basic fact packs, and spreadsheets. You will coordinate request handling and dispatching with the appropriate colleagues globally",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c3dfef48e16c60f8,c3dfef48e16c60f8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Service Operations Consultant,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree (advanced degree preferred)
3 years work experience setting up or operating a shared service center in the following areas: finance, human resources, IT, or procurement
Experience in leading large implementation programs crossing multiple functions
Knowledge of Lean or related continuous improvement tools and techniques is strongly preferred
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfort with extensive travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
Service Operations is a growing service line with deep functional expertise implementing holistic transformation for our clients, including Customer Experience/Service Design, Frontline & Field Operations, Service Factory Operations, Corporate Business Functions, and Customer Care with cross-cutting foundation capabilities to deliver significant and sustainable cost impact.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Your primary long-term projects will be closely related to our traditional projects and will provide clients with decisive support in the introduction and implementation of strategic consulting concepts in service operations.
You will engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small McKinsey teams, but often working with many clients, to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results with an aim to ensure those results will be sustained. Our work is about coaching and delivering lasting outcomes.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0195aedd8db7dc8e,0195aedd8db7dc8e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Life Sciences,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters (Fellow entry level) degree or a PhD (Associate entry level) in a life science discipline with an outstanding record of academic achievement
Experience in an area with exposure to life science related topics (pharmaceutical and medical products, chemicals, medical affairs, healthcare and public health, etc.)
Working or studying experience in Switzerland is a must
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
German or French language skills are an advantage
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Switzerland office as an Associate. Associate consultants join our global offices and practices in locations around the world to work in teams and directly with our clients.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of client engagement.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
Associates receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. This support includes a Partner from your local office or practice assigned to you to help guide your career as well as up to five weeks of formal training in your first two years as an Associate.
Additionally, youll receive guidance and support from your local office or practice in the selection of client projects, helping you to develop your skills and build your network.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c41b878d61dfc6be,c41b878d61dfc6be,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Architect - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-23,"QUALIFICATIONS
8-10 years of experience in designing and implementing industry-grade solution architecture in various industry verticals
Knowledge of enterprise architecture frameworks such as TOGAF, Zachman framework, etc
3-5 years of experience in a customer-facing solution architect role in IT services or IT consultancy organisation
Working knowledge of the Agile methodology by aligning the key solution architecture components
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinsey Digital in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. This group brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.
Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will engage with our world-class engineering and program teams to build products and solutions for internal and external clients.
In this role, you will be involved in leading agile implementation and transformation projects at Fortune 500 companies.
Additionally, you will be a core member of the McKinsey consulting team with responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products and solutions to ensuring that McKinseys craft stays on the leading edge of technology and industry best practices.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=922551ba7fce2cff,922551ba7fce2cff,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Expert - Product Development,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"Qualifications
Bachelors in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Material Science, advanced degree MBA or MS ME/Ph.D is considered a plus
Minimum 15 years experience in a series of progressively senior product development roles
Outstanding record of academic achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfortable with extensive travel (greater than 80 percent)
Fluency in English and a local Asian language, Mandarin being a huge asset
Who You'll Work With
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations practice in one of our offices in Greater China (Beijing, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Taipei). Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
McKinseys Product Development Service Line is committed to helping clients develop products that fit market needs, produce attractive margins, provide platforms for add-on offerings, and enhance the reputation of brands for future business growth. Our work in product development includes developing, defining, and implementing strategies that help clients make lasting improvements to their innovation and business performance.
What You'll Do
You will work with clients on location as either a dedicated team member or as an internal consultant to McKinsey teams.
You would provide expertise on a range of Product Development improvement topics including performance transformation, portfolio and product strategy, product line strategy, design-to-value, time-to-market excellence, and development productivity.
In addition to client work, you will contribute toward practice leadership by advancing and disseminating McKinseys product development knowledge base, and building and cultivating our network of practitioners.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=179b7d2a97087490,179b7d2a97087490,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Digital Editor - Asia,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"Qualifications
5+ years of experience in storytelling in a business environment, producing and editing audio and video
Strong communicator with excellent interpersonal skills
Outstanding writing and editing skills
Track record in production of digital and media assets from concept to delivery
Expertise in video editing software, including Adobe Creative Cloud applications
Ability to create infographics and other visual representations of information and data will be an advantage
Team-player, collaborative, flexible, and fun to work with
Solid global business acumen and interested in economic trends
Strong strategic capability, but willing to roll ones sleeves up and act tactically when required
Ability to synthesize research into a persuasive argument or narrative
Strong organizational and project management skills
Creativity and self-motivation
Outstanding quality and service standards
Experience of working with large, complex organizations, and a proven ability to balance the needs of different stakeholders
Fluency in English is required and competency in other Asian languages is an advantage, as is working experience in various Asian markets
Who You'll Work With
Youll be part of our regional Asia Communications and Reputation team in one of our locations in Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, or Jakarta.
Youll be working with the Director of Reputation & Communications, Asia; Senior Advisor, Reputation and Communications, Asia; Global Director of Digital Communications; Global Media Services teams; Global Manager, Social Media; Digital Editor for McKinsey Global Institute; Visual Graphics teams in Sydney and India; and a network of freelance videographers and agencies.
What You'll Do
Youll be contributing to the firms media capabilities by leveraging video, graphics, social, and other media to enhance our communications and messaging strategy.
In your role, youll create packages that leverage video, graphics, social and other media, working with digital agencies, freelance resources and communications colleagues as required. This includes leading idea generation sessions and provide editorial guidance to shape the story; contribute to scriptwriting, with focus on structuring the message and treatment development for digital audiences.
Youll execute projects ranging in scope from report launches to small site updates (e.g., adding new partner profiles, revising service line descriptions), creating outstanding content and user experiences that help internal client achieve their communications goals while ensuring brand consistency, quality and accuracy.
Youll be provide web-production support, working within content management system, Sitecore. Youll be expected to conduct video interviews, using a journalistic approach to get the best content.
In your role, youll develop relationships with key vendors and identify and manage a pool of external videographers and editors across the region.
As digital editor, youll prepare a regional video and podcast production plan and update it regularly, including developing budgets/timelines across multiple projects. This includes managing the purchase, storage, and maintenance of any video and audio equipment.
Youll be expected to manage all assets and workflow  including organizing/archiving media assets and refining the production processes. As such, you must be able to manage workflow when juggling external vendors, internal media teams, and projects with internal clients.
Preparing regular performance reports that analyze and summarize key metrics such as views, downloads, and engagement with our digital content is also part of your responsibilities.
Youll also co-produce video and audio content with our multimedia teams in other global locations and, when required, help train others in regional team to deliver digital assets.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b7fa0d6931e3a635,b7fa0d6931e3a635,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Public Sector Practice,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-22,"QUALIFICATIONS
MBA or other graduate level degree from a top institution preferred
4-7 years of work experience in the public sector on major reform or service delivery
Outstanding policy and analytical skills, with the ability to translate analysis into recommendations and/or experience in major service delivery roles
Experience in managing key transformation factors, e.g. complex stakeholder engagement, performance management systems, mindsets and behaviors
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with our Public Sector Practice in our Tokyo office.
This is a rapidly growing part of McKinsey & Company, focused on solving Japans biggest policy and delivery challenges with problem-solving, public sector reform and implementation experience. You will solve complex policy and strategy problems and work with people across public sector organizations to build the capabilities, systems, and processes to deliver better service outcomes, and ensure results can be maintained longer term. You will be fully dedicated to public sector clients and work on designing major changes in the public sector.
You will be joining a highly entrepreneurial team of consultants dedicated to growing and developing the impact of the Public Sector Practice. You will receive exceptional training and ongoing coaching and mentoring.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement.
In this role, you will be gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. You will also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
You will engage at a deep level across our public sector clients operations, from policy and strategy to service transformation and implementation. You will work on projects that improve outcomes, drive innovation and economic opportunity, and ensure public funds are spent efficiently and effectively.
You will partake in client development and workshops for new and current clients and write proposals for new client engagements. You will also have the opportunity to participate in and lead internal knowledge building initiatives and contribute to conferences and workshops.
Lastly, you will be expected to analyse data to identify opportunities and drive performance. You will set up and manage project management systems to track performance, and you will have the chance to strengthen your specific technical/sector expertise to offer specialist delivery support to clients.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f5e310bb20bb4f16,f5e310bb20bb4f16,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Digital Business Analyst - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or masters degree or have 1  3 years of work experience after completing your undergraduate degree
Outstanding record of academic achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English and the local office language(s)
Willingness to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Based in our Lima office, you will be part of the Digital McKinsey consultants network.
Digital McKinsey brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilitiesdrawing from our Business Technology Office, McKinsey Digital Labs, and our digital functions and combining them in one cohesive organization. Digital McKinsey not only advises but also builds, operates, and transfers capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
You will work with clients in a wide range of sectors and industries. Some Digital McKinsey consultants work exclusively within digital, while others mix their digital focus with broader consulting work (e.g., operations, organization, strategy, corporate finance, marketing and sales, etc.)
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Playing an active role in all aspects of a client project, you will typically work in teams of ~3  5 consultants.
As a Digital McKinsey consultant, you will be helping clients use technology strategically to change industries, transform business models, and create a competitive advantage. Your work will include gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
You will benefit from exceptional training programs in addition to frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues. You will participate in a number of trainings over your first two years and receive guidance from your Professional Development Manager around the selection of projects, helping you to strategically develop your skills and build your network. While all consultants develop specialized knowledge as they progress with the firm, in your first few years you will have an opportunity to work on a broad range of topics across industries and functions.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=28930cb741143aab,28930cb741143aab,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Analyst - Finalta, German Speaker",McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree
1+ years of experience in data analytics, retail banking or consultancy
Knowledge of, and/or interest in, retail banking and consulting
Superb analytical and problem solving capabilities
Excellent writing skills
Great interpersonal and client-management skills
Ability to manage your time to produce high quality work to deadlines
Fluent in both English and German
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Finalta team in London.
Building on more than ten years' experience working with leading banks and insurers, Finalta combines performance benchmark data and best-practice knowledge from 250 financial institutions in over 50 countries to generate insights on how to achieve superior performance.Annual benchmarking provides clients with a unique management tool to objectively assess performance against peers and quantify opportunities for improvement. Our best-practice cases illustrate how to close performance gaps and give clients a roadmap to reach world-class performance while reducing the time, cost, and risk of change.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work within a small project team to analyse data, evaluate results, generate actionable insights and recommendations and deliver these to your clients.
In this role you will be given high levels of responsibility from the start, liaising with our clients to gather data, conduct research and perform quantitative analysis.
You'll be working with our team that covers our German clients and will have the opportunity to travel to client sites. Our projects typically run for 6 months, therefore you will become an expert in the data and topic.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f3dcc99a599b8645,f3dcc99a599b8645,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Analytics Expert - Ingenuity,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., statistics, applied mathematics, econometrics, economics or operations research
3+ years of work experience working in a data-centric business environment, preferably within the Insurance industry
Strong consultative communication skills diagnosing Insurance data to develop successful growth strategies with clients
Proven comfort and intellectual curiosity for working with very large sets of data, pulling in relevant team members to address identified  and sometimes undiscovered  client needs
Full fluency in analytic/database management software such as SAS, SQL, SPSS or Access
Strong multi-tasking abilities, flexibility, and patience in a fluid environment
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Ability to communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing
Willingness to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Ingenuity team in Waltham, MA. Ingenuity is part of McKinsey Solutions and McKinseys New Ventures.

Ingenuity drives significant performance improvement for carriers, reinsurers, and brokers through a combination of advanced analytic capabilities, deep industry knowledge, extensive change management expertise, and the technology infrastructure to develop and host operational solutions. Ingenuitys analytical solutions span the entire insurance value chain including sales/distribution, underwriting/pricing, and claims.

McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for and expands our investment in our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.

As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and were hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will play a key consultative and client-facing role in the development of big data and advanced analytics as a refined yet evolving capability of our client teams who advise the top firms in the insurance sector.
You will help to shape the future of what data-savvy organizations look like, in part by driving processes for data extraction and analysis, and creating new lines of thinking within our core clients. In this role, you will focus on helping our clients achieve transformational change by designing, developing and executing analytics work streams that serve as the catalyst to creating client impact. One of the core practice priorities is to establish the processes, mindsets & skills required to convert data to business intelligence and insights for our clients. You will not only expand our current Analytics capabilities, but will help architect new strategies and applications within a dynamic and innovative organization.

Leading your team of data scientists, you will work through our clients entire data ecosystems to understand whats available, whats missing - and where to find and collect that information. You will translate the team's findings and work with clients to engage on these and wider issues changing the landscape of the Insurance industry. Additionally, you will develop, implement and maintain effective programs around all elements of data analytics optimization and modeling with a constant eye toward continuous improvement.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b000e0ee3446e74a,b000e0ee3446e74a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Product Owner - McKinsey Digital - Riyadh,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-20,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business or equivalent degree
4-6 years of experience leading agile projects as a product owner and as a scrum master
Experience leading product and/or cross functional teams
Experience as both a team member and coach in the agile product owner roles
Experience with building consumer quality products, enabling business capability and objectives through technology
Strong product instinct to build great product vision, product roadmap and competitive analysis
Knowledge and understanding of technical engineering best practices (e.g., test driven development, continuous integration, etc.)
Excellent knowledge on tracking and analytics setup
Proficient with drawing storyboards, creating wireframes, creating / grooming product backlogs, writing user stories and developing acceptance criteria
Relentless prioritization and alignment with business and IT stakeholders to ensure highest value capture
Excellent project manager that can plan 2-3 steps ahead of the team and surface hidden risks 2-3 levels deep within the team
Ability to work at an abstract level and continuously pivot to arrive at the highest impact answer for the client
Ability to work under pressure, manage client expectations effective and not get overwhelmed by client pressures on team
Excellent analytical skills, and data driven approach to constantly analyse user feedback and analytics report
Excellent communication skills with the ability to influence senior client business and IT executives on transforming towards agile
Ability to move between strategic discussions with senior client leaders to tackle on the ground agile coaching with teams
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively in English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Riyadh office as part of our Digital teams, which bring together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.
Youll also work with colleagues from across our firm to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will lead the execution of digital product development and transformation projects for leading industry players, mainly in the Middle East.
In this role, you will be a core member of the McKinsey consulting team with responsibilities that range from shaping product vision, strategic designs to managing and transforming agile product and leadership teams. You will engage on some of the most challenging business problems facing our clients.
These projects can range from rapid process re-inventions at leading financial institutions, big data analytics at large scale retail organizations, to consumer facing app development for traditional industries. In each situation, as a Product Owner, you will typically be at the centre of the problem solving, advising our most senior clients on how to successful execute on their strategic vision with digital means.
You will be well versed in all aspects of the product, process and technology. You will be at the intersection of business strategy, client and implementation vendors and you'll be responsible for translating abstract visions into reality, while managing client expectations as well as vendor efficiency.
You will also be proficient in all aspects of the agile deliverables required for a technology team to build beautiful products. This includes hands on development of storyboards, wireframes, product prioritization, backlog, user stories, product KPI, monitoring/tracking and commercialization.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=321ecd4d7eb8717e,321ecd4d7eb8717e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Course Operations Coordinator - McKinsey Academy,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-02-05,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree
2-5 years of experience, preferably in a similar type of digital learning role
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), experience with CMS or LMS preferred
Strong project management/organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to handle uncertainty and solve problems in a structured way
Solid analytical skills and experience drawing key insights from data
Positive attitude and ability to exhibit grace under pressure
Strong communications skills
High level of professionalism
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with our McKinsey Academy team across the globe and will be based in Wrocaw.
McKinsey Accelerate, a McKinsey Growth Platform, enables McKinsey to partner with our clients to ensure sustained impact through flawless execution and capability building. We do this by bringing the knowledge, assets, and expertise that clients are asking for: transformation and change management support, capability building at scale, and leadership and top team transformation. In so doing, we believe we will be the preeminent institution in helping clients implement their strategies, which includes building the leadership teams and skills and capabilities their strategies require
McKinsey Academy is designed for rising professionals and senior teams to develop the capabilities they need to help their organizations thrive. Our programs include courses developed and taught by McKinsey partners, combined with perspectives from the broader market including academics, executives, and thought leaders. The programs combine group-based project work and the newest social approaches that reinforce effective, lasting skills development. With optional in-person components, our programs can be a cost-effective way to build the capabilities of a large number of participants across an organization.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work closely with the Learning Experience team, the Product/Engineering team, and client sponsors to lead digital learning delivery for McKinsey Academy.
Youll oversee all operational aspects of delivering digital courses to our clients, including: participant onboarding and user management, engagement-focused communications, customer support, Teaching Assistant (TA) management, and analytics/reporting.
For example, youll be responsible for systems enrollment, group configuration, and designing/hosting online kickoff sessions. In addition, youll communicate with participants, sponsors, and TAs to drive engagement and achievement of course and program objectives. Youll also provide support for participants as they move through their learning journey.
For reporting, youll use data to drive impact, engagement, and improve our offerings. During and after course runs, youll monitor and analyze quantitative/qualitative data from multiple sources on the participant experience. You will provide recommendations for improvement based on your analysis.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9845f71ed07ad671,9845f71ed07ad671,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Consultant - Metals and Mining,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree in Engineering and excellent academic record required
Advanced degree or MBA in mining, metallurgy, materials engineering and geology from a premier institution is strongly preferred
3 years work experience with a distinctive record of achievement and impact
Professional focus in at least one of the following areas: mine planning, mine operations management, performance improvement, and/or corporate management/support functions experience at a major mining company
In-depth knowledge of continuous improvement programs, i.e., Lean/Six Sigma is desirable
Field-based experience working on projects in the Mining & Metals industry
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English and the local office language(s)
Flexibility to travel regionally or globally up to 80% depending on client and base location
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Implementation consultants work directly with client leaders and front-line operators on topics where implementation issues are important and where driving change is critical to successful realization of goals. As such, you will provide oversight, problem-solving support and practical industry expertise, frequently involving facilitating on-site workshops, individual and group coaching, and change management sessions.
Right from the start of a project, you will be on the ground ensuring that implementation success is a priority. We engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small teams to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results and then ensure those results are sustained. Our work is about problem solving, coaching, and delivering lasting outcomes.
In addition to being outstanding problem-solvers, Implementation consultants are practical, experienced, and excellent coaches. Their distinctive strength is in knowing how to work with and coach people to get things done. Traits which lead to success in this role include: passion, commitment, open-mindedness, listening skills, humility, and the desire to see others succeed.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=296903a21e58296a,296903a21e58296a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Consultant - Advanced Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Operations Research, Bioinformatics, Economics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering).
4+ years of directly relevant, tech industry work experience (e.g., as a statistician, bioinformatician, or data scientist), with deep expertise in statistical data analysis, such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods
Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets. Familiar with deep learning algorithms is a plus
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL)
Experience in articulating and translating business questions and using statistical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English and the local office language(s)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Being based in one of our locations in Greater China region, you will be part of the consultant community of Digital McKinsey Asia, across 12 locations. Digital McKinsey, formed from the merge of McKinsey's Business Technology Office, McKinsey Digital Labs and more, comprises of 3,000 consultants and experts across 60 offices globally.
You will work with clients in a wide range of sectors and industries. Some Digital McKinsey Digital consultants work exclusively within digital, while others mix their digital focus with broader consulting work (e.g., operations, organization, strategy, corporate finance, marketing and sales, etc.).
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work as a typical McKinsey consultant, with a strong passion for digital.
In a team of typically ~3-5 consultants, you will shape and drive end-to-end digital transformations across business, technology, process and people, creating value by reinventing the core of our client's businesses. This work includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members. Example projects include developing end-to-end machine learning models to improve productivity and creating AI / big data transformation strategy for fortune 500 companies.
You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from your team. This support includes a Partner assigned to you to help guide your career as well as formal training throughout your McKinsey career. Additionally, you'll receive guidance and support from our Partners and professional development team in the selection of client projects, helping you to develop your skills and build your network.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1be677fd8bf41481,1be677fd8bf41481,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Finance Team Assistant,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-02-06,"Qualifications
Willingness to work part-time, Monday to Friday from 9 am until 1 pm
Ability to use such office equipment as printer and computer will be a plus
Ability to communicate in Polish
Attention to detail, good organisational skills
Who You'll Work With
You will be working with colleagues from our Accounts Payable Finance team who support our offices in Western Europe.
What You'll Do
You will be responsible for sorting the incoming mail and printing the invoices received.
In this role you will check payment requests and contact suppliers to acquire copies of invoices. You will learn from your colleagues on the finance team as you support them in their daily duties.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7cb8bd1e53301174,7cb8bd1e53301174,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Solution Delivery Analyst - Wave, McKinsey Transformation",McKinsey & Company,"Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters degree in business, IT or in engineering marked by strong analytical skills
Up to 5 years of relevant work experience in the field of IT, consulting and/or Business Intelligence
Fluent domain of Spanish and English
Outstanding quantitative/analytical thinking capabilities (strong command of MS Excel; VBA, SQL are a plus)
Experience in technology consultancy and/or implementing or supporting SaaS or web-based services
Very strong problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently or as part of a team
Entrepreneurial and comfortable with risk taking and ambiguity
Very good communication skills to facilitate discussions and conduct training
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our office in Madrid and will be part of McKinsey Transformation. You will focus on the Wave solution, a web based collaborative platform for program management and impact tracking.
Wave equips clients to successfully manage improvement programs and transformations. Focused on business impact, Wave allows clients to track the impact of individual initiatives and understand how they affect longer term goals. Its mix of an intuitive interface and McKinsey business expertise gives clients a simple and insightful picture of what can otherwise be a complex process by allowing them to track the progress and performance of initiatives against business goals, budget, and timeframes.
You'll work with a variety of colleagues (development, service delivery, management, client development). They will be based in Germany, Brussels and different offices across Europe, India, Costa Rica, Australia, US and beyond. They all have a common passion for digital innovation and smart business processes
You will be exposed to both consulting (advisory, thought partnership) working with C level clients in collaboration with various experts from the industry. And also exposed to a first-class software as a service product (positioning, set-up, follow-up), with direct access to the product team appreciating product improvement suggestions.
You will also be part of amazing learning and training programs with continuous knowledge building opportunities as exposed to new use cases on transformation programs, strategy execution, mergers, and others.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a key contributor in gathering and translating business requirements into configuration choices that best leverage the Wave platform to suit the business purposes of our clients through their large scale business transformation programs.
In this role your key activities will include co-leading and, at a later stage, individually managing the deployment life cycle at our clients including scope, budget and time. You will work with client representatives and McKinsey consultants in joint problem-solving sessions.
You'll also accompany clients in their use of Wave to drive sustainable and high impact. This will involve engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to discuss about how to drive user adoption (leveraging our usage analytics framework), and helping them with questions they might have regarding the usage or applicability of Wave. Lastly, you'll focus on identifying and contributing to product and service development opportunities.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2a60831e64fca840,2a60831e64fca840,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Agile Coach Consultant - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in computer science or similar area
2-6 years of experience leading Agile projects
Passionate and interested in drivers of digital disruption both from a customer and organizational perspective
Demonstrated experience at driving Agile transformations from design to implementation (Agile transformation roadmap, Scaling Agile, operating models etc.)
Knowledgeable about technical engineering best practices (e.g., TDD, continuous integration, DevOps, etc.)
Expert at coaching on Agile topics in order to build highly performing teams and organizations
Intimately familiar with several agile approaches: SAFe, Kanban, XP, SCRUM and fluid in applying the appropriate one to the context
Experience coaching and training individuals and teams in Agile concepts and practices
Active in the Agile community, publish papers, speak at conferences and contribute to Agile interest groups
Strong technical and non-technical influencing abilities
Strong collaborative problem solver
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinsey Digital in one of our Latin America offices. This team brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will coach clients on a variety of digital topics including product management, design thinking, engineering culture, and DevOps.
You'll leverage your strong communication skills to coach and mentor teams and leaders on Agile values and principles. Additionally, youll structure large-scale Agile transformations with uncertain or changing constraints. Lastly, you will engage with consulting teams as a do-er to actively problem solve, create content, and facilitate trainings to best serve our clients.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf97cf877e8e6bb7,cf97cf877e8e6bb7,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Associate,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate and/or Masters degree preferred
4+ years of work experience, preferred with experience leading front line teams, change management , or continuous improvement
Strong record of academic achievement and clear demonstration of leadership in a work, academic, and/or extracurricular setting
Ability to identify opportunities for growth and subsequently take a leadership role in exploring new ideas
Sharp analytical and creative mindse
Proven experience in applying well-developed problem solving skills (quantitative, conceptual)
Ability to work with people across all levels in an organization
Comfortable with significant client interaction and interest in building relationships
Strong interest in and passion for coaching or mentoring others
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing
Comfort with extensive travel (4  5 days per week)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join in one of our Australian locations (Perth, Sydney or Melbourne), working with our McKinsey Implementation (MI) team.
MI is a rapidly growing service offering for McKinsey & Company. It provides continuous, distinctive support to our clients to ensure they achieve and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended changes. Our implementation consultants are involved from strategy through execution with a disciplined eye on impact and sustainability at every stage of the project life-cycle. We are developing a strong team, and are looking for exceptional individuals to join us. For more information on McKinsey Implementation please visit: www.mckinsey.com/implementation
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in small teams with colleagues and clients to build the strategies, capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results and ensure those results will be sustained.
Our work is about coaching others to achieve success in implementing new approaches and delivering lasting outcomes. You'll have the opportunity to manage projects and progress with minimal supervision, including tracking metrics, handling complex analyses, and preparing communications to report back to client and internal leadership. Additionally, you'll develop practical recommendations and contribute to team discussions on implications of analysis; identifying implementation challenges.
You'll work alongside the clients staff on each project, assisting with implementation tasks. This could include facilitating working sessions with front-line and supervisors, connecting with and motivating the client team, or developing skills of McKinsey or client team members when appropriate, principally through coaching. You'll also solicit feedback from team members to develop your own skills.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=62bbbb939b85f3ac,62bbbb939b85f3ac,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate Consultant - Risk Dynamics,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters or PhD with strong academic record from a reputable college/university in a quantitative field such as economics, mathematics, computational finance, statistics, engineering, or physics
Industry qualifications including CFA, FRM, PRM or similar would be considered an asset
Interest in advanced quantitative modeling techniques within a financial services related industry (e.g., banking and securities, asset management)
Experience in model development, validation, and benchmarking, specifically related to single and multifactor models, and other modeling techniques (Merton, Longstaff-Schwartz, Black-Sholes, etc.) within a regulatory context (CCAR) is a plus
Familiarity in one of the following machine learning / AI areas: natural language processing, deep learning, anomaly detection, graph-based techniques, or neural networks
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Ability to translate technical knowledge in a way that can be digested by leadership and non-technical project teams
Ability to produce independent opinion and actionable recommendations
Understanding of financial mathematics including stochastic calculus and probability theory, as well as derivative pricing models and other numerical techniques across a variety of asset classes (e.g., equities, rates, credit, FX and commodities)
Experience programming (beyond simple scripts) in a modern scientific language (e.g., Python, Matlab, R) and experience with TensorFlow, Spark, Java, C#, C++, or C. Knowledge of SQL and SAS would be a plus
Knowledge of VaR (historic, parametric, MonteCarlo), EOD or intra-day risk & valuation, as well as stress-testing and scenario analysis is very appreciated.
Willingness to travel up to 50%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in our North American Knowledge Center in Waltham, Massachusetts and will work with the Risk Dynamics team, which is part of McKinseys global Risk practice.
Risk Dynamics is a specialized team conducting in-depth validation and model risk advisory services for banks, asset managers, insurance firms, and other leading financial institutions. These assessments require a rigorous understanding of both underlying modeling techniques and the overall business context in which such models are being used. Our model validation and model risk advisory work spans multiple risk functions, markets, operating challenges, and modeling techniques.
McKinsey fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for, and expands our investment in, our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients validate their models and assess their modeling frameworks across a variety of risk functions, including market and trading risk, credit risk, and model risk management.
You will be part of a team of exceptional risk analytics professionals with similarly deep industry experience and will be expected to communicate complex analytics concepts in a clear and concise manner to key client stakeholders. We are therefore looking for candidates who can establish connections between sophisticated modeling techniques and strategic decision-making processes. We have a global client base and you will be exposed to a highly international environment.
You will also have the opportunity to advance McKinseys overall knowledge base by providing rigorous analysis to and problem solving for our proprietary knowledge investments. At more senior levels, youll also focus on developing new analytical approaches and techniques, working with an outstanding knowledge structure and international network of experts in order to codify existing knowledge and develop new knowledge.
Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5d830f5c1eaf7da1,5d830f5c1eaf7da1,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Scientist - McKinsey Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
MSc or PhD degree in the field of Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics
3+ years of working experience in statistical modelling and/or machine learning
Experience in applying data science methods to business problems
Programming experience in at least two of the following languages: R or Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, Git, Spark, Scala
Ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields
Strong presentation and communication skills
Business level fluency in English and Swedish
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in Stockholm as part of the McKinsey Analytics team. McKinsey Analytics works with clients to build analytics-driven organizations. We combine the latest techniques with deep industry, functional, and analytics expertise to help clients capture the most value from data.
You'll join a global team of more than 1000 experts in machine learning, big data architecture and AI. We help governments, businesses and NGOs actually make change happen through partnering with their top data scientists and business leaders to solve the most pressing issues. On a daily basis, you will work in an agile cross-functional team of consultants, data scientists, data architects and leaders from our clients.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will apply data science methods to improve and optimize our clients performance needs, capture meaningful insights from data and turn them into competitive advantages.
You will drive the creation of statistical models to solve specific operational problems. These problems may include: How can we predict equipment failure to do proactive maintenance for wind turbines? How can we use machine learning to predict consumer behavior? In solving these problems, you will have access to proprietary feature engineering AI and teams of world-leading experts in the domain you are working on.
At McKinsey you will not be a small piece of a big puzzle. You will be in the room, often with the senior management, working side by side with talented data scientists from leading client organizations both on technical issues and on making the change happen.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1a295f653d0cc27,f1a295f653d0cc27,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Consultant - Global Energy & Materials,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
4 - 8 years of work experience within a related industry
Proven leader with the ability to inspire others, build strong relationships, and create a true followership
Collaborative team player, capable of working well with others, but also autonomously with little direction
Superior analytical, quantitative and conceptual thinking
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Entrepreneurial and result-driven achiever
Advanced degree in related fields or MBA is preferred
Verbal and written fluency in both English and Mandarin is required
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join one of our offices in Greater China as part of our Operations practice, focused on work in the Global Energy and Materials (GEM) industries. This includes Oil & Gas, Metals & Mining, Electric Power/Natural Gas and Chemicals & Agriculture.
McKinseys Operations Practice is one of the fastest-growing practices in McKinsey globally and in Asia. We are committed to helping our clients achieve world-class operations. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on implementation, we develop and define operational strategies to help our clients around the world solve their most critical problems. We tackle the key operational challenges faced by our clients, particularly in the areas of supply chain management, product development, purchasing & supply management, service operations, manufacturing, and capital productivity.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with colleagues and client staff from a wide range of business areas across the world to build sustainable value through delivering distinctive operations expertise, and support clients to implement these ideas, including capability building.
In addition, you will work in cooperation with our worldwide network of consultants to shape McKinsey's thinking in this area, continuously developing your own knowledge, as well as that of the firm. You'll predominantly focus on engagements in Oil & Gas, Metals & Mining, Electric Power/Natural Gas and Chemicals & Agriculture and may work more in one of those industries depending on your experience and/or desire to specialize.
In a typical project, you will own a work stream to deliver the end recommendation with help from the McKinsey leadership. Working closely with clients on-site, you'll perform analysis of the particular problems as defined for your work stream  identifying and prioritizing issues for further analysis, and synthesizing the insights from the analyses. You'll also develop recommendations based on the synthesis, and create plans to implement the recommendation.
We offer personalized training programs to prepare you for the job and attractive conditions and career prospects, depending on your experience. Entry as specialist or expert will be based upon the level individual candidate experience and will be determined through the interview discussions.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f103e32ea34390a0,f103e32ea34390a0,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Summer Intern - Data Science,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-23,"QUALIFICATIONS
Pursuing a master's or PhD degree in a data science-related field
Relevant coding and modelling skills with applied practical experience and programming background is highly desired
Programming skills in at least 2 of the following languages, R, Python, Scala, SQL
Knowledge of distributed computing or NoSQL technologies is a bonus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions
Ability to work collaboratively in a team and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate ideas effectively - both verbally and in writing - in English
Willingness to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be based in Colombia and be part of the South American office. You will be on a 2 months full-time project as part of our Summer Data Scientist Program. You must be attending a master's or PhD degree in a data science field and have already completed the in person classes.
You will join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll work side-by-side with QuantumBlack data scientists, McKinsey Digital Labs architects and data engineers to solve our clients complex problems.
You will work on projects across all industries and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm. Youll work with consultants to help our clients launch agile marketing and personalization programs at scale, enabled by data and technology. Youll have the opportunity to plug into exciting large scale marketing and digital transformations.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will contribute to a development team building cutting-edge applications for our clients and will gain hands-on experience in application development.
In this role you will be expected to fully immerse yourself with a team of data scientists, developers, designers, and agile coaches to transform our clients technical processes, infrastructure, and end-user applications. Experienced consultants will provide guidance and coaching and give you a sense of McKinsey's people, values, and spirit.
You will contribute to defining the implications to the client operating model, new roles, organization implications, and operating processes. You will also contribute to the strategies and solutions for marketing technology. Leveraging your expertise, youll help to advance McKinseys overall knowledge base by contributing to and expanding our diagnostic and assessment toolkit and approach. You will develop new frameworks, approaches and techniques in addition to building on existing ones.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=13b20fab46672a31,13b20fab46672a31,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Manager - Finalta (Italian speaker),McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
6+ years of relevant experience in data analytics or strategy roles with relevant industry knowledge (retail/corporate banking or insurance)
A structured, analytical mindset with a passion for creating compelling stories out of data
Experience of leading, supporting and developing teams
Talent for building strong relationships with clients
Ability to effectively manage projects from planning to delivery
Fluent/Native Italian and English required

WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in London as part of our Finalta team.
Finalta is the global leader in retail banking benchmarking and best practice analysis, working with over 250 retail banks in more than 55 countries. Clients use our services to provide an objective assessment of performance against peers, quantify opportunities for improvement and track their progress over time. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of McKinsey & Company; however we operate independently under our own brand and management team.
We are expanding globally, and now have offices in Chicago, Miami, Singapore, Budapest and London. As a rapidly growing organisation, we can offer you the chance to work in an entrepreneurial, dynamic environment and an exciting opportunity for career development, as effective leadership and achievement are quickly recognized and rewarded.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be responsible for project managing Finaltas multi client and country benchmarking programs to ensure that they are delivered.
You will oversee and construct client deliverables to ensure the highest possible quality, including insightful client key findings reports and quantified recommendations. You'll line manage a team of analysts with responsibility for recruiting, coaching, developing and improving the teams individual and collective performance.
You will also manage key client relationships throughout and beyond the benchmarking cycle to ensure maximum satisfaction and relationship development.
Additionally, you'll present results to clients and disseminate key messages among key audiences and stakeholders. Other responsibilities will include planning for client workshops, preparing relevant materials and delivering, facilitating and creating action reports. You'll also manage the development of thought leadership research articles covering retail banking best practices, industry trends and insights.
You'll have the opportunity to develop new business for Finalta in terms of recruiting benchmarking peer groups, developing new markets and/or launching new products.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4d7f337051bfd033,4d7f337051bfd033,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Coach - OrgSolutions,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree, ideally in organizational or industrial psychology, business, engineering, operations, economics or other technical discipline
0-3 years of experience in organizational behavior or survey design and implementation
Experience in developing and analyzing surveys or developing insights from software analytics is a plus
Solid problem-solving, analytical and quantitative skills
Ability to use statistics to solve organizational health problems
Familiarity with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in our Gurugram office, with our OrgSolutions team. You will play an active role in the OrgSolutions team and product development by collaborating with colleagues in your regional and global OrgSolutions team.
OrgSolutions combines innovative design technology and advanced analytics with deep expertise to accelerate effective organizational decisions. OrgSolutions can help Human Resources and business leaders to make smarter organizational decisions by leveraging advanced data analytics, user-centered design technology and proven methodologies.
These approaches help clients to answer critical questions related to cost reduction, efficiency and effectiveness streamlining, merger plans, divestments and carve outs, and talent deployment.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will deliver end-to-end support activities related to our Organizational Health Index (OHI) and OrgLab solutions.
These activities including supporting clients with work-planning, data collection, deployment of surveys and conducting analytics, results syndication and action planning. Specifically you will be responsible for managing the administration, analysis, and synthesis of data from McKinsey diagnostic tools and techniques and client feedback reports. You will be problem solving to help develop the blueprint and program architecture to guide organizational health and design improvements.
Youll coach McKinsey consultants on proprietary tools and techniques, youll build, codify and disseminate knowledge related to OHI and OrgLab, and youll occasionally work full-time on client projects onsite. Additionally, youll facilitate client workshops and youll expand your expertise in domains such as market outreach, client service, and analytics.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e165a757256a51d,0e165a757256a51d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Specialist  Wave,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters degree in Business or in Engineering; MBA is considered a plus
5 - 8 years of experience in the field of IT, consulting and/or Business Intelligence
Excellent interpersonal skills and change management mindset
Very strong problem-solving skills
Strong quantitative/analytical thinking capabilities (strong command of MS Excel; VBA, SQL are a plus)
Experience in client service, project management (PMO) and change management
Project Management experience with large cloud implementation programs (SaaS)
Independent self-management skills and ability to work independently or as part of a team
Capable of carrying out multiple tasks or projects in parallel
Strong communications skills to facilitate discussions and conduct training sessions
Entrepreneurial and comfortable with risk taking and ambiguity
Ability to travel frequently
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Wave team in Chicago. Wave is part of McKinsey Transformation.
Wave equips clients to successfully manage improvement programs and transformations. Focused on business impact, Wave allows clients to track the impact of individual initiatives and understand how they affect longer term goals.
Its mix of an intuitive interface and McKinsey business expertise givens clients a simple and insightful picture of what can otherwise be a complex process by allowing them to track the progress and performance of initiatives against business goals, budget, and time frames.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be at the core of bridging client business challenges with the capabilities of Wave.
In this role you will work closely with client representatives and McKinsey consultants in joint problem-solving sessions. You will be responsible for driving the process of converting and enriching raw client data sources into the high added value datamart required for Wave to deliver the insights related to the business challenges at stake.
You will be expected to master the analytics and methodology embedded into the Wave solution and the data concepts related to Wave's functional and/or sector domains. You will accompany clients in their use of Wave to drive sustainable and high impact.
This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to discuss about how to drive user adoption (leveraging our usage analytics framework), help them with questions they might have regarding Wave usage or applicability, and more.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66995d44307fdd42,66995d44307fdd42,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Marketing & Sales,McKinsey & Company,New Jersey,2020-02-01,"QUALIFICATIONS
Strong academic qualifications, with an advanced graduate degree (e.g., MBA, Ph.D., etc.)
3 - 5 years of hands-on work experience in operational or strategic marketing with the end or industry customers, or comparable experience in marketing science or consulting
Intellectually curious and enjoys problem-solving, requirement gathering, and adaptive to lead with example
Ability to thrive in a flexible and collaborative environment
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal,with the ability to facilitate discussions
Comfortable and Fluent in English and local languages (e.g., Mandarin in China, Bahasa in Indonesia, Japanese in Japan, Thai in Thailand, etc.)
Flexible to travel ~ 50-70% of the time
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Marketing & Sales practice in one of our offices in Asia. As a part of this practice, youll focus on developing marketing and sales strategies for leading companies of all major industries, including consumer goods, financial services, retail, chemicals & basic materials, and logistics. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM pricing, and sales and channel management.
When you join McKinsey as a Specialist, you are joining a firm that will challenge you and invest in your professional development. In this role, you will work on the best teams to help the best organizations in the world  in private, public, and social sectors  solve their most difficult problems. You will also work with many experts, from data scientists and researchers to software and app designers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll work in teams of typically 3 - 5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of client engagement.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations.
You'll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members. In this role, youll focus on developing marketing and sales strategies for leading companies of all major industries, including consumer goods, financial services, retail, telecommunications, and logistics.
As a specialist, you will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. This support includes a partner from your local office or practice assigned to you to help guide your career as well as up to five weeks of formal training in your first 2-3 years. Additionally, you'll receive guidance and support from your local office or practice in the selection of client projects, helping you to develop your skills and build your network.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61c9e4a018c0cc8a,61c9e4a018c0cc8a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Practice Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree; Advanced degree preferred (e.g., MBA)
Outstanding record of academic achievement, with functional knowledge or passion in an industry or a function
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in one of our India offices and will work with one of our core practices.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of client engagement to drive impact.
In this role you will work across a number of client teams to problem solve in their area of strength and passion. Youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. You will problem solve on some of the most challenging and complex business problems and play a central role in developing knowledge that will serve clients and enhance team capabilities. With deep functional/industrial knowledge, you will play a critical role in delivering transformational client impact.
You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=51f24abddc6031cf,51f24abddc6031cf,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Power Solutions,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree and Advanced degree in Management, Engineering, Economics, or any other discipline with a quantitative focus; Degree in engineering, ideally with technical knowledge of power systems, is a plus
Outstanding record of academic achievement, and demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Prior experience or strong interest for the Electric Power and Natural Gas sector
Experience in Digital or Advanced Analytics, or willingness to learn, is a plus
Strong quantitative skills, expert modelling and experience in large data sets is a plus
Entrepreneurial spirit and a keen interest and drive in developing a new offering with massive potential and strong sponsorship
Strong problem-solving skills and conceptual abilities
Interpersonal effectiveness and leadership potential
Fluent English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our Dusseldorf office as part of Power Solutions.
Power Solutions is focused exclusively on the Utilities sector, benefiting from strong sponsorship by our Electric Power & Natural Gas Practice, McKinsey New Ventures and a 2+ year track record of successfully delivering technology enabled solutions to our clients. Power Solutions combines the most advanced digital tools and advanced analytics techniques/methodologies to power transmission and distribution companies, enabling the deployment and development of a portfolio of McKinsey proprietary solutions. These include solutions for predictive maintenance of grid assets, market modelling, benchmarking and data/tech architecture.
Power Solutions has ambitious growth plans into adjacent opportunities (e.g., generation), and to integrate and build new and existing offerings that can better enhance our value proposition to client globally.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support client studies and apply advanced analytics and big data to improve strategy and operations of utility companies across the full spectrum  generation, transmission and distribution.
In this role you'll drive the deployment of our Power Solution assets at our clients. During deployment, you will work with cross-functional client teams including engineers, data scientists, IT and software specialists, business managers, etc.
You will also actively contribute to internal and external outreach efforts to grow the brand awareness and support our client development efforts. Whilst with Power Solutions, on occasion you can be staffed in other client studies, ideally in asset productivity, digital and/or utilities topics, to develop the traditional McKinsey toolkit as well as gain breadth and depth that you can bring back to help growing Power Solutions.
You will play an active role in the delivery of our solution to power utility clients, and will help build a new entrepreneurial knowledge-based business as Power Solutions is an extension of McKinsey's service and is expected to grow substantially within the next five years.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=618de8e04bde138a,618de8e04bde138a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Global Helpdesk Professional,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
2-5 years of experience in a technical support position
Outstanding customer service orientation
Ability to build rapport and trust quickly
Active listening and the ability to cogently summarize an issue, both in writing and verbally
Knowledge in Microsoft Office, internet browsers, Windows, Lotus Notes, IOS, Cisco VPN, network printing, and wireless routers
Good judgment skills with a strong sense for urgency and attention to detail
Excellent problem-solving skills, i.e., ability to apply a highly logical and well-organized approach to the analysis and resolution of issues
Excellent communication skills in English (both written and oral)
Costa Rican work permit
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in our San Jose, Costa Rica office and will be part of our Global Helpdesk team.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be responsible for helping colleagues get their business technology up and running as quickly as possible.
In this role you will use your communication skills and problem-solving abilities to provide excellent customer service to your colleagues. You will strive to form productive relationships, ensuring that a resolution is found for each problem you are presented with. You will also ensure that troubleshooting procedures are documented and best practices are shared.
Additionally, you will use the Knowledge Centered Service methodology and ensure all self-resolved call tickets are linked to appropriate knowledge objects. You will also be expected to search for knowledge in order to resolve issues and will provide regular and timely feedback for existing knowledge.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ea603cad54b5df8,4ea603cad54b5df8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Global Helpdesk Professional,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Solid knowledge of the Windows 10 or Apple OS
Knowledge in one or more of the following areas: VPN, Microsoft Office, Outlook and Mobile Devices
Curiosity and desire to learn new skills and to extend own knowledge about new IT technologies
Previous experience in IT / customer support
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Highly adaptable and open to work on critical or new tasks, taking them to a final resolution
Demonstrate a collaborative style and the willingness to help others
Excellent written and verbal communication in English
Distinctive customer orientation combined with a strong sense of ownership
Strong team spirit with the ability to work in both local and virtual team setting
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join our Prague office as part of our Global Helpdesk (GHD) team, a pivotal group within McKinseys global IT organization.
You will work with internal consultants and support staff by troubleshooting and resolving a wide variety of IT issues, predominantly via the phone. As a GHD Professional you will work in global team sharing a common understanding of a client-first oriented work environment.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide technical support to a demanding internal audience in a challenging IT environment, ensuring outstanding customer journey experience and continuously improve our IT Support services.
In this role you will help firm members get their business technology up and running as quickly as possible. You will provide premium IT support to colleagues and resolve complex technical problems with timely and effective solutions by leveraging our phone, email and chat channels. You will troubleshoot issues with Mac and Windows OS, standard IT applications (e.g. Outlook), network connectivity, mobile technologies, HW issues related to laptops and mobile phones, and more.
As part of your role, you will collaborate with other internal IT support and development teams on a daily basis and continuously contribute to the creation, documentation and improvement of knowledge as issues/solutions arise. You will have exposure to our technical labs and help developers testing the newest releases in technology and HW.
You will thrive in a collaborative work environment and take responsibility to handle problems through to completion, thus forming a trusted relationships. You will go the extra mile to resolve a problem and take every opportunity to learn and expand your technical knowledge.
All in all, our environment will allow you to grow and develop in several different areas depending on your preferences, motivation and skills.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f420ad75c117753,0f420ad75c117753,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Gas Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"Qualifications
Bachelors from a leading university preferably in computer science or software engineering, else in engineering, economics, or other such mathematically rigorous disciplines; Masters degree preferred
2+ years of industry experience with consulting, research and analytics or industry serving oil and gas clients
Industry or academic experience in applying data collection and microeconomic and financial modeling to the areas of natural gas exploration and production, refining, midstream, trading and/or marketing activities
Clear understanding of the oil & gas value chain, with previous work experience in oil & gas strongly preferred
Excellent problem solving, analytical, teamwork, and communication skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Entrepreneurial mindset with an ability to take initiative and operate with minimal supervision
Who You'll Work With
You will be based in Houston and part of the Energy Insights team, focusing on oil & gas in North America. McKinsey Energy Insights, a specialist data and analytics unit, provides distinctive analysis, insights, and support to energy players. We offer services along the oil and gas value chain, including exploration and production, refining and marketing, natural gas, petrochemicals, trading and oil field services, and equipment.
McKinsey Energy Insights dedicated solution delivery specialists apply proprietary tools and methodologies and a data-driven approach. With our strong ties with McKinseys oil and gas and chemicals consulting practices and access to the expertise of the wider McKinsey network, our research and analysis yield knowledge available nowhere else.
What You'll Do
You will work with client project teams from across the globe on modelling and market monitoring for natural gas markets.
In this role you will contribute to the development of knowledge and client services focused in the areas of unconventional oil and gas and midstream in North America.
As an analyst, you will monitor the key trends in North American gas market. You will maintain, update, and improve the Energy Insights underlying models. You will also support the global Oil & Gas practice with the development of market insights, along with supporting client servicing activities. As a subject matter expert, you will provide advice to consulting teams on gas related topics leveraging Energy Insights advanced analytics.
You will develop your consulting expertise and networks at the intersection of two dynamic sectors. McKinseys oil & gas clients currently face major decisions on new investments and operating practices. You will work with leading oil & gas companies, tackling topics central to the CEO agenda such as global supply and demand, operational performance improvement and investment strategies.
You will also help some of the worlds leading PE firms identify and assess acquisitions in this sector. You will contribute to McKinseys industry knowledge by staying up to date with the latest in the oil & gas industry and you will contribute to proprietary models and analyses. This includes gathering the information necessary to develop these tools and synthesizing your findings into McKinsey formatted products. These products may be in the form of complex models and summary reports which evolve into standalone presentations that outline key findings and recommendations to internal and external audiences.
You will work in teams of typically 3-5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement. This includes gathering and analysing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing communication and recommendations. Youll also present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
You will benefit from extensive training and coaching. You will receive McKinseys world-class formal training designed to strengthen your consulting capability and sector knowledge. You will also benefit from extensive on-the-job coaching as part of the client engagement process. Youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on your teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7cb6800d7d30dd9d,7cb6800d7d30dd9d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Proofreader - German Speaker,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Academic degree in German language Philology, linguistics, or a similar subject
Strong verbal and written communication/language skills in German (C2 - CEFR[1] or equivalent)
Conversational knowledge of English
IT literacy with special focus on MS Office, especially PowerPoint
Flexibility to work in shifts (incl. evening hours) and on weekends/public holidays
Distinct quality mindset and attention to detail
Exceptional customer focus and the willingness to go the extra mile
Strong process focus and drive for results
Ability to work and stay focused under pressure
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be part of our Quality Management team in our EMEA Shared Services Pozna office. This team is responsible for quality assurance of business visual presentations created in our Visual Graphics department and general language-related support of the staff.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support our Visual Graphics specialists with your German language expertise.
In this role you will proofread documents for transcription-related errors. You will also perform other tasks related to the Visual Graphics quality management with the aim to ensure the highest quality of the end products.
You will support the day-to-day PowerPoint exhibit production by providing quality assurance (i.e., reviewing documents and marking errors to be corrected before delivery to our internal customers). This will include checking spelling, punctuation, grammar and adherence to firm guidelines.
Your tasks may also include performing quality-management-related administrative tasks such as collecting, documenting, and/or tracking data used in quality and performance management. Lastly, you will be engaged on projects with focus on language-related aspects of quality assurance and continuous improvement among staff.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ba7c79adf67a7a9,5ba7c79adf67a7a9,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Defense and Security,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree required; Advanced degree is a plus
TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required
Outstanding record of academic and/or professional achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics, both quantitative and qualitative
Proven record of leadership at work or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing
Commitment to high standards and core values
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
This client-facing, partner-track role is based in our Washington, D.C. office and dedicated to serving our federal defense and security clients. You will support senior members of the US defense and security community on some of their highest priority issues.
Typically, youll work locally in the Washington, DC area in teams of 3  5 consultants, each with varying types of expertise (e.g., digital, strategy, operations, etc.).
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with our defense and security clients on some of their toughest issues, in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical, and caring environment.
In this role you will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of performance-improving approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients at all levels to ensure high impact, sustainable results. Your work will include gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, developing recommendations, and helping to implement sustainable changes.
All of your work will be project-based, and varied. At McKinsey, we help our clients on a broad range of topics, including strategy, operational performance improvement, risk and resource reallocation, organizational design and talent development, and digital issues.
You will join a firm that will challenge you and invest heavily in your professional development, building on the strengths you bring to the firm. Consultants receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. You will build your national security expertise, and learn to bring best practices from the private, public, and social sectors to your clients.
Youll grow at your own pace on a promote when ready path. This partner-track role will give you considerable flexibility as you pursue your career at our firm.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7500fc954e53563f,7500fc954e53563f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Scrum Master - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent subject
5+ years of working experience in Agile methodologies
3+ years of working experience as an Agile coach in fast moving tech environments
Deep understanding of Agile values and principles
Strong experience on driving agile transformations from design to implementation
Working experience on training individuals and teams in (product management, design thinking, lean, and Agile)
Working knowledge and experience with several Agile methodologies: SCRUM, XP, Kanban, SAFe and fluid
Working knowledge of best practices in user-centered design like user research, hypothesis-driven development, prototyping, usability testing
Strong working knowledge of technical engineering best practices including test driven development, continuous integration, DevOps
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in one of our offices in Greater China as part of our McKinsey Digital team.
This group brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses. As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation.
Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Your responsibilities will range from nurturing agility in our teams to shaping our broader transformation at an organizational level working across products and services for various functional and business domains.
In this role you will have the opportunity to coach the leaders and teams on a variety of agile related topics including product management, design thinking, lean, engineering culture, and DevOps. Additionally, you'll be responsible to work with the product and service teams as a do-er.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a860e3966a77980,0a860e3966a77980,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Software Architect - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
7+ years of experience in software development with a history of development in any of the following technologies: Javascript, Java, Scala, Erlang etc
Experienced in highly scaled software engineering environments in a rich variety of domains designing, building and running production systems. For example using public cloud(like AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), private cloud(like Cloud Foundry, DC/OS, OpenStack) and tools(like Kubernetes, Docker, Chef, Ansible).
Experience with Javascript MVC frameworks (e.g., Angular.js, React.js, Node.js etc.)
Expert experience in HTML5/CSS and building mobile, responsive/adaptive applications
Significant experience writing and utilizing RESTful API services and performance tuning large scale applications
Familiarity with testing frameworks such as RSpec, JUnit or Selenium
Experience with relational and non-relational data stores (e.g., MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra, etc.)
Experience with cloud providers (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP), containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and modern architecture patterns (e.g. microservices, reactive architectures, event-driven architectures)
Experience with engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Comfortable building processes, culture and organisations to help deliver and support large scale production systems
Actively involved in the technology community, ie., contributing to open source projects, speaking at conferences, blogging, etc.
Availability to travel up to 50%-70% across Europe
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with Digital McKinsey in our London office. Digital McKinsey brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.
Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be involved in leading agile implementation and transformation projects with our clients.
In this role you will be a core member of the McKinsey consulting team with responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that McKinseys craft stays on the leading edge of technology. Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2f766dd336a825f1,2f766dd336a825f1,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Experienced Professional  Industrie 4.0  McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben Ihr BWL-, Ingenieurs- oder Informatikstudium mit exzellenten Noten abgeschlossen. Eine akademische Zusatzqualifikation (MBA oder Promotion) ist willkommen, aber kein Muss.
Sie verfgen ber ein breites Verstndnis von Manufacturing IT und Industrie 4.0 als auch ber fr die Position angemessene Projekterfahrung und ein breit gefchertes Know-how an der Schnittstelle von Produktion, industrieller Automatisierung und IT.
Sie haben idealerweise bereits Erfahrung in einer Projektmanagementfunktion mit konzeptioneller Ausrichtung vorzuweisen oder waren verantwortlich fr den Neuaufbau, die Migration oder die Optimierung von Produktionssystemen.
Sie begeistern sich fr die (konzeptionelle) Entwicklung neuer digitaler Geschftsmodelle.
Sie arbeiten selbststndig ebenso erfolgreich wie im Team, bringen hohe Einsatzbereitschaft mit und bernehmen gern Aufgaben auch an wechselnden Einsatzorten.
Sie kommunizieren berzeugend und effizient in deutscher und englischer Sprache  auch mit Fhrungskrften auf hchster Ebene.
Bitte richten Sie Ihre vollstndige Bewerbung an Beate Huber.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Sie begeistern sich fr Digitalisierung, finden aber die strategische Beratung ebenso reizvoll? Dann bietet McKinsey Digital das optimale Umfeld fr Ihren nchsten Karriereschritt, denn wir vereinen Strategieberatung mit agiler Design- und Technologieexpertise. Durch den effektiven Einsatz von IT und Technologie knnen wir mit unseren Klienten unternehmerische Herausforderungen lsen und sie durch den digitalen Umbruch begleiten.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Als Beraterin oder Berater mit Erfahrung im Industrial-Automation-Sektor erwarten Sie einzigartige Mglichkeiten, einige der groen digitalen Transformationen in den Bereichen Advanced Industries/Automotive zu begleiten, zentrale Zukunftsthemen mitzugestalten und auf strategischer Ebene Einfluss zu nehmen. In interdisziplinren Teams arbeiten Sie mit dem Topmanagement unserer Klienten sowohl an strategischen Digitalisierungs- und Technologiefragen als auch an Organisations- und Operations-Themen.
Entsprechend Ihrer Erfahrung bernehmen Sie kurz- bis mittelfristig eine Fhrungsrolle in den Projektteams. Wir untersttzen Sie, in einem dynamischen internationalen Umfeld Ihr fachliches Wissen und Ihre persnlichen Kompetenzen kontinuierlich weiterzuentwickeln, unter anderem durch die regelmige Teilnahme an Trainings und Workshops.
#LI-POST",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b13a58c97e73a6fb,b13a58c97e73a6fb,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Forensics Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-21,"QUALIFICATIONS
4 - 6 years of professional experience with 2 - 4 years of experience in an information security specialist role
Expertise in Malware Analysis and Memory Forensics
Experience in debugging & Reverse Engineering, Malware Sandboxing Technologies
Solid knowledge of Network Protocols, Packet Captures, Security Controls, Scripting, SIEM, standard ticketing systems, Open Sour
Advanced knowledge of forensic standards, procedures, and toolkits
Experience in endpoint forensics including Windows and Linux, malware analysis, reverse engineering, security and malware detection technologies, cyber threats, and vulnerabilities
Proficiency in network protocols and tools (Wireshark and TCPDump, Encase, and IDA Pro)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll join our Gurgaon, India office as part of our global Information Security team. This team implements necessary technical controls to identify and mitigate all cyber risks for the firm.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will create, develop and then operationalize forensic processes firm-wide.
In this role you will perform forensics during the triage stages of a security incident including the discovery, tracking, and analyzing malware, network and email cyber threats. You will create documentation for tracking the investigation in addition to forensic reports and you'll focus on developing, standardizing and operationalizing forensic handling procedures for our Security Operations Center (SOC).
Additionally, you will act as a coach/mentor to the SOC and help the team develop their skills and capabilities within forensics.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5553f9a081fa27b8,5553f9a081fa27b8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Supply Chain,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
3+ years of experience
Bachelors degree, advanced degree preferred
Understanding and exposure to supply chain concepts and interest in network design, sales and operations planning (S&OP), inventory, or physical flow management
Clear demonstration of having led operational improvements and in managing key transformation factors (e.g., performance management systems, mindsets/behaviors)
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfortable with extensive travel, up to 80%
For our Montreal office, you must speak French and English fluently
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
At McKinsey, you can build a career out of making things happen! You'll be working with McKinsey's Supply Chain service line in North America. Our team helps our clients in solving the world's toughest problems. Blending strategic thinking and hands-on practicality, our team of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems on a global scale.
The Supply Chain service line is a rapidly growing team focused on driving bottom line impact covering suppliers, production, physical logistics, and customers. We have deep functional expertise to help clients overcome typical supply chain challenges and integrate solutions across the organization, supplementing our client experience through targeted research programs focused on what really drives their supply chain performance.
.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in teams to collaborate with our clients in order to define new organizational structures, roles and processes across global organizations. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management.
You will make a meaningful, hands-on contribution to the analysis, design and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
In this exciting collaborative culture, you will not only have the opportunity to work directly with clients, you will also share your expertise and insights with colleagues globally, thereby expanding our knowledge and refining our approaches in the supply chain field.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c79f35c2753912f2,c79f35c2753912f2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate Design Director - McKinsey Design,McKinsey & Company,"San Francisco, CA 94104 (Financial District area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum of 5+ years relevant industry experience designing applications, experiences, websites, products and services that balance user needs, business objectives and technological constraints
Undergraduate degree in Interaction Design, Interface Design, Human Computer Interaction, Service Design, or Visual Design with emphasis on UX or equivalent qualification
Holistic and human centered approach to product and service design, from research and insight generation to concept to deliverable
Proven ability as a solid hands-on practitioner demonstrated through a diverse body of work across a range of leading clients
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Strong influencing, negotiation and communication skills (written, verbal, presentation) with the ability to be a thought partner/ coach to clients and internal team
Experience mentoring designers and other members of a cross-functional team
Able to function, adapt and succeed in a constantly changing, fast paced environment
Positive attitude and motivation to deliver highest quality work
Entrepreneurial, experimental and self-driven while also being collaborative, with a professional presence
Self-organized and structured, with the ability to define your own tasks
Interaction and Visual design skills, including use of a diverse set of software such as Adobe CS, Sketch, OmniGraffle
Good experience with MS Office
Excellent knowledge of rapid prototyping tools such as Sketch, Axure, Invision or Flinto
Experience with Agile software development processes and methodologies
Strong command of English language (both verbal and written)
Willingness to travel approximately 75% of the time to client sites
Connected to the design community with a passion for design
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our New York office as part of McKinsey Design.
McKinsey Design combines user-centered design with unparalleled business knowledge and world-class agile development skills to deliver impactful digital experiences. Our highly-skilled designers, digital engagement managers and agile developers deliver service concepts, experiential prototypes and go-to-market products to transform clients' businesses.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn. You will have exciting career prospects within an international company that is still considered a start-up, yet was created by a trusted advisor of some of the most influential organizations in the world. You will work on challenging tasks in an innovative state-of-the-art technological environment in small teams of highly motivated colleagues with various cultural backgrounds.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work on a variety of projects that integrate digital designs into products, services and environments.
You will be part of a blended cross-functional team and tackle all aspects of the design process. Moving from insights to ideas, you will creatively solve complex problems, threading design and business thinking together to deliver inventive, durable and thoughtful, solutions from concept to launch. In this role, you will need to apply conceptual thinking to create desirable and feasible digital solutions across multiple platforms, smartly bringing together user needs, business goals and technical realities. You'll utilize industry design standards and best practices to define and implement design criteria, you'll apply user centered design methodologies to ensure your ideas are based on customer needs, and you'll prepare research and testing, produce personas, map customer journeys, develop service blueprints, for complex products and services.
Additionally, you'll effectively communicate research findings, conceptual ideas, detailed design, and design rationale both verbally and visually, you'll use a variety of methods to convey ideas and concepts (e.g. storyboards, wireframes, prototypes, etc), you'll use your narration and storytelling skills to bring product ideas to life, and you'll construct quick interactive prototypes with initial, low fidelity visual designs that illustrate your UX/UI design that present a realistic feel of the intended experience. Further, you'll be expected to perform task analysis and define the User Interface Design through information architecture, wireframes and user flows and validate it through usability testing, to lead usability testing sessions, consolidate findings and iteratively integrate into design solutions, and to mentor others and capability build to cultivate and support them through their path at McKinsey.
You'll also participate in workshops, concept sprints and hackathons to inject design thinking tools and methodologies to produce tangible results in a rapid and iterative way, you'll work closely with development teams to ensure that design specifications are implemented, and you'll communicate the products vision to clients and customers.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5244b4359efd1eaa,5244b4359efd1eaa,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Designer,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-31,"QUALIFICATIONS
4+ years of consumer marketing research experience that includes a strong background in quantitative research methodology and statistical analyses
Understanding of the ins and outs of survey design and best practices within the survey platforms
Experience using Qualtrics or Confirmit is strongly preferred.
In-depth business experience to understand requirements, assess potential criticalities and oversee the impact of providing services and solutions
Experience with customer satisfaction and experience research
Excellent written/verbal communication, presentation, and project management skills
Excellent problem-solving skills, i.e., the ability to apply a highly logical and well-organized approach to the analysis and resolution of issues
Exceptional service attitude and the willingness to go the extra mile to provide outstanding deliverables
Displays an optimistic attitude and demonstrates a can do approach to new / unknown requests and to difficult situations
Willingness to work flexible hours if needed, public holidays, occasional after-hours and on-call duties
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work out of our Waltham, MA office with McKinseys Survey Development Center which provides online survey solutions to our global network of management consultants. Our goal is to assist McKinseys consultants to conduct research during client engagements by providing expertise and thought partnership to enable the quick setup of secure and effective survey solutions.
Youll partner with our global, multinational team, which works more like a small startup company. Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need.

Youll work within a casual office culture which is fun and social with emphasis on continued education and innovation. Youll have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and consistently learn and grow.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work closely with the McKinsey client service teams to provide end-to-end survey solutions by collaborating with internal consultants to develop compelling, issue driven proposals. Youll manage all phases of project implementation including requirement gathering, survey design, programming, QA, data collection and reporting.
In this role, youll introduce best practices for question designs to our clients and internal teammates by having a clear understanding of question types, mobile-first mindset, writing questionnaires, and survey structure. You will also debrief the consultant on the end-to-end research outcome.
Lastly, youll align client and development teams around common measurable deliverables, act as a thought partner to the stakeholders, communicate regularly with clients while ensuring accuracy and acceptability of the final product.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6fdecdf757cf01ce,6fdecdf757cf01ce,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Analyst - Marketing & Sales,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-22,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or closely related field
2+ years of experience in Data Manipulation/ETL in a professional services environment
Experience in working in the data stream of multiple projects including client deployments, integration and migration efforts
Expertise in handling large amounts of data through such capabilities as SQL Server, Postgres, Exasol, Alteryx and Hadoop ecosystem
Experience working in cloud architecture including AWS or Azure environments is preferred
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a multinational distributed team environment
Entrepreneurial spirit with desire to work in fast-paced, start-up environment, with the ability to consistently deliver exceptional results on demanding timelines
Good communication skills, both verbal and written, in English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be based in Wroclaw and will be part of the Periscope team. Periscope is part of our Marketing and Sales practice.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 26 locations across 16 countries with a team of 350+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work closely with our data engineering team and will play a key role in data transformations, data analysis and delivery.
In this role you will work in various projects on analyzing data, data transformation, configuration, design, development and test of bespoken analytics tools, applications and platforms. Youll develop database solutions and implement functional capabilities of existing and new solutions, which focus on pricing, assortment and trade investment.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b9454806035a91ca,b9454806035a91ca,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Expert - Organization Practice,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters Degree or PhD
8+ years of experience in strategic HR Consulting
Org design, merger management or Org (HR) analytics background
Existing network of regional clients is preferred
Strong problem solving skills
Entrepreneurial and independent
Good communication skills
Experience on People Analytics projects
Flexibility to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in Tokyo where youll work on clients most challenging problems in the region. Youll partner with senior leadership globally to drive maximum client impact.
McKinseys Organization Practice is a trusted adviser to the worlds leading businesses, governments, and institutions on their most important organizational opportunities and challenges. Our global network of over 800 consultants and experts, and our proprietary data and analytics, help our clients across a broad range of topics, including Culture & Change, Organizational Design, Leadership & Learning, Talent, Merger management, Digital-Analytics Org, and CEO & Board Excellence.
To keep up to date on everything we are doing, please go to:https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/mckinsey-organization/
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll be responsible for driving the development and execution of client work related to our service lines.
As part of your role, you will implement new, innovative market strategies in the region and work jointly with global and regional leaders to identify, syndicate, and implement new initiatives for individual clients. As an expert, youll be a specialized leader for the Organization Practice, and this is a partner electable track at McKinsey.
You'll collaborate with leaders to set the overall aspirations for the region, and shape and execute initiatives that drive implementation. You'll partner with targeted leaders and consultants in the region (e.g., Organization Practice leaders, service line and hub leaders, as well as office managers and client service teams) to jointly develop a go-to-market plan for relevant regional hubs including identification of new market opportunities.
You will also be an inspiring people leader who will apprentice and mentor colleagues. You will contribute to and build knowledge that enables us to continuously improve our client delivery and be at the forefront of Organization topics.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=718a27f0e3c65740,718a27f0e3c65740,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Cost Engineering Analyst - Product Development (Italian flue...,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Master of Science in Electronics or other engineering fields
Experience in product development, including product cost optimization, product design, value engineering, DFMA, R&D prototyping, supplier management, negotiation, target cost setting
Demonstrated analytic and quantitative skills with the ability to structure and solve problems
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English and Italian
Willingness to travel and work in both Wroclaw and Italy
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be part of our Product Development and Procurement team. Your base location will be in Wroclaw and you will work with our clients in Italy.
This group strives to improve productivity and effectiveness of our clients by working to develop products and services that fit market needs, are produced with attractive margins, provide platforms for add-on offerings, and enhance the reputation of the brand for future business growth.
The team serves clients in different industry sectors with a concentration in Automotive & Assembly, Aerospace, Heavy Industries, High-Tech, Telecom, Consumer Goods, Pharma, and Medical Products.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will act as a knowledge consultant in Product Development related projects.
In this role, you will develop concrete product improvements within our value engineering approach and target costing projects and youll contribute to creating innovative product ideas.
You will work jointly with our clients on putting these changes into practice. Youll also work in our Design-to-Value laboratories by physically disassembling and redesigning products. Along with working on client projects, you will have the opportunity to contribute to our way of working, our knowledge and skills and thus continually expand your expertise. This work includes conducting consumer insight analysis to better understand product improvement aspects as well as enhancing product design effectiveness and quality attributes. Additionally, you will analyze the cost modeling of products, conduct competitive analysis with competitors products and build sustainable capabilities for R&D.
At McKinsey, you will have the opportunity to work in an intellectually-challenging business environment, build strong problem-solving skills and develop team and client leadership capabilities. You will also work with McKinseys network of industry and functional practices on developing cutting-edge knowledge related to the product development domain, leading various initiatives, and building the firms proprietary knowledge on product development related topics.
Youll gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. As an analyst, you will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring. This support includes a senior member from the practice to guide your career. Youll receive guidance and support from your local office in the selection of client projects, helping you to further develop your skills and build your network.
We are recruiting both junior and senior profiles, so the role will be calibrated during the recruiting process based on candidates experience.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7821534e560db79,e7821534e560db79,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Industrial IoT Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
2-5 years of professional experience in one of the key operations areas, such as manufacturing, procurement, supply chain management, product development, service operations
Excellent university degree with a technical or business specialization, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math, Quantitative Social Sciences, Mechanical or Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Product Development
Exposure to operations-oriented analytical and methodological services
I4.0 or IoT exposure
Strong intrinsic problem-solving skills, ability to structure and solve problems and conduct and interpret analysis independently, with demonstrated analytic and quantitative skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Strong record of leadership in an academic, professional, or extracurricular setting
Mobile and excited to take on longer international assignments
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English and Chinese
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in one of our Greater China offices as part of McKinseys North Asia Industrial IoT Hub.
This group aims to help client unlock the enormous potential of the Internet of Things. Our value proposition spans the full product life cycle, ranging from data diagnostic to pilot, strategy, solution implementation, and ongoing operation. We focus on delivering end-to-end Industrial IoT transformations, integrated across functions. We cover the entire operations value chain across the following five core functions: 1. Procurement, 2. Manufacturing, 3. Supply chain and inventory control, 4. Design-to-value, 5. Service operations automation. Within each function, we deliver dedicated operational excellence programs based on proven service line methodologies and analytics enhanced by digital.
We view IoT as a transformative opportunity for clients across almost all sectors. Our goal is to partner with clients to define and deliver on this transformation. This requires a hands on approach and practical understanding of the challenges and opportunities involved in IoT. We are building capability that spans strategy, product design, digital design, hardware and software design, analytics, business planning and implementation.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Focusing on digital strategy, Industry 4.0, and IoT, you will work in a team with senior leaders to better understand the value at stake from digital transformation and shape targeted strategies.
You will be engaged in client fieldwork and training, focusing on delivering standardized analysis on digital transformation. For example, in manufacturing, you will specialize in a specific topic within line balancing, DL productivity, OEE improvement, and offline DL improvement. In supply chain and procurement, you will cleanse ERP master data and create data sets ready to be adopted by our third party or internal solutions. Following a successful analyst role, you will be offered a junior specialist role in which you can further expand your area of expertise.
We work to configure organizations so they can achieve rapid improvements in customer experience, innovation, revenue, and costs. You will help leaders translate their digital vision into a prioritized set of value-rich opportunities and help determine how organizations can be set up for success in a digital world. In order to achieve this, you will be expected to draw upon your deep industry or consulting experience as well as proprietary McKinsey data.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27a622bede32d463,27a622bede32d463,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Scrum Master - Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree
4+ years of working experience with 3+ years of experience working with Agile methodologies as a Scrum Master in fast moving tech environments
In-depth experience facilitating agile ceremonies and mentoring teams/individuals on agile values, design thinking, customer value, product management, etc.
Strong experience on driving agile transformations from design to implementation
Working knowledge and experience with several Agile methodologies: SCRUM, XP, Kanban, SAFe and fluid
Working knowledge of best practices in user-centered design like user research, hypothesis-driven development, prototyping, usability testing
Strong working knowledge of technical engineering best practices including test driven development, continuous integration, DevOps
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our office in New York as part of our Technology & Digital (T&D) team.
You will spend your time with intelligent, values-driven colleagues. You will be a member of highly collaborative team of experts/coaches who are adept at helping organizations become better at solving complex problems, combining business insight with world-class agile development practices. You will work closely with our agile transformation program team to enhance agility across our Technology and Digital (T&D) function. Youll work with T&D leaders, McKinsey business sponsors & stakeholders, and global product and service teams to help teams deliver breakthrough digital products and services and continuously improve.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on learning and having impact . We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to constantly learn and grow. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Your goal will be to disrupt and improve the way Technology & Digital teams work by increasing organizational agility to produce dramatically better outcomes, more efficiently, while making sure T&D remains a great place to work and grow.
Your responsibilities will range from nurturing agility in our teams to shaping our broader transformation at an organizational level working across products and services for various functional and business domains. You will coach leaders and teams on a variety of agile related topics including; product management, design thinking, lean, engineering culture, and DevOps.
You will be influencing the overall mission and objectives of teams by focusing on customer values, coaching teams to embrace the right mindset in ways of working (cadence, ceremonies, tools), and on-boarding new teams with the set up of working processes. By anticipating and identifying impediments (systematic, behavioral, etc.) and working with the right owners to resolve them, you can monitor the teams outcomes and dynamics while assisting them in improving team performance and agile maturity.
Your strong Agile experience will propagate learning across various teams and help other members problem solve and enhance capabilities in the Agile Chapter. Your experience will also help with continuous development and improvement of methods (together with the rest of Agile Chapter) and it's day-to-day incorporation with the teams. Your strong soft skills will help build a trusting and safe environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame, retribution, or being judged, with an emphasis of healing and problem solving.
In this role, you are a critical driver of T&Ds overall transformation to a way of working that is anchored in continuous improvement, agility, design-thinking and customer-centricity through teams. As such, this role will often play the role of Scrum Master within teams where team and individual coaching will be most impactful from the beginning of their agile journey onward.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a65cb8eaad2eb9f8,a65cb8eaad2eb9f8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Consultant - Project Management Office - Orphoz,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben erste Erfahrungen im Projektmanagement, mit den Ablufen im Projektumfeld oder in der Begleitung von Transformationsprojekten gesammelt und begeistern sich fr die Projektarbeit in Beratungen.
Sie verfgen ber erste Berufserfahrung in der Prozessoptimierung im Industrie- oder Dienstleistungssektor oder einer Unternehmensberatung.
Ihre fachlichen Schwerpunkte liegen in den Bereichen Lean-Management, Prozessoptimierung, Organisationsdesign oder Programm-/Projektmanagement.
Sie haben Ihr wirtschafts- oder ingenieurwissenschaftliches/technisches Studium (Universitt oder FH) mit berdurchschnittlichem Erfolg abgeschlossen.
Sie haben bereits eine Vielzahl von Workshops und/oder Coachings selbst durchgefhrt.
Sie besitzen ausgezeichnete analytische und konzeptionelle Fhigkeiten.
Sie sind ein kommunikationsstarker Teamplayer mit ausgeprgter Klientenorientierung.
Sie zeigen stets deutlich berdurchschnittliches Engagement, Kreativitt und Umsetzungsstrke.
Sie bringen die im Beratungsumfeld notwendige Flexibilitt und Mobilitt mit.
Sie kommunizieren flieend und effizient (mndlich und schriftlich) in deutscher und englischer Sprache. Weitere Fremdsprachenkenntnisse sind von Vorteil.
Sie gehen sicher mit MS-Office-Produkten, insbesondere Excel und PowerPoint, um.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Orphoz PME ist eine Beratung fr branchenbergreifendes Projektmanagement und Projektdurchfhrung. Als 100%ige Tochtergesellschaft von McKinsey & Company greift Orphoz auf die Erfahrungen und das Wissen eines weltweiten Expertennetzwerkes zurck.
Wir planen und steuern mit unseren Klienten Vernderungsprojekte und helfen ihnen so dabei, ihre Potenziale zu heben und ihr Organisationsmodell zu optimieren. Wir wissen, wovon der Erfolg groer Projekte abhngt und stellen die erfolgreiche Umsetzung auch ber lange Zeitrume sicher. Dabei arbeiten wir sowohl mit der Leitungsebene als auch mit den Fachbereichen unserer Klienten eng und partnerschaftlich zusammen. Wir kombinieren strategisches und operatives Projektmanagement mit Umsetzungsstrke und dem Verstndnis fr die besonderen Anforderungen der jeweiligen Branche. Unseren Erfolg messen wir an der gemeinsamen Erreichung der gesetzten Ziele. Fr die branchenunabhngige Umsetzung von Transformationsprojekten bei Industrie- und Dienstleistungsunternehmen suchen wir zum nchstmglichen Zeitpunkt deutschlandweit Berater (m/w/d).
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Sie arbeiten an Transformationsprojekten im Industrie- und Dienstleistungssektor mit, deren Fokus auf der Optimierung von Prozessen und Organisationen liegt. Dabei sind Sie gebt im Umgang mit den wichtigsten
Projektmanagementmethoden und knnen deren Techniken in allen Projektphasen anwenden. Sie analysieren bestehende Geschftsprozesse und begleiten die Identifizierung und Umsetzung von
Verbesserungspotenzialen entlang der Wertschpfungskette. Sie untersttzen Kliententeams und fhren Klientenworkshops zur Erreichung der Projektziele erfolgreich durch. Als Consultant werden Sie untersttzt von
erfahrenen Kollegen, verantworten aber bereits eigene Arbeitspakete. Mit wachsender Erfahrung bernehmen Sie zunehmend Verantwortung im Team. Sie leisten Untersttzung bei der
Angebotserstellung. Gemeinsam mit dem gesamten Orphoz-PME-Team wirken Sie bei der Entwicklung des Unternehmens mit.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=505addf01a8c9276,505addf01a8c9276,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Houston, TX 77075 (Southeast area)",2020-01-12,"Qualifications
Undergraduate or Master degree with less than 2 years of work experience
Strong commitment to excellence and personal, professional growth
Demonstrated outstanding academic performance and an aptitude for analytics
Practical knowledge in mathematical software, databases, programming languages, and comfortable working with large data sets (R/SAS/Python/SQL or others)
Strong record of initiative-taking and leadership in a work setting and/or extracurricular activities
Genuine interest in business and find problem solving exhilarating
Resourceful, intellectually curious, empathetic, poised, high energy and mature
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and with people at all levels in an organization
Deep content knowledge in the field of agile, IT and DevOps, compelling delivery and highly effective learning program management
Proven track record of affecting positive change with client organizations
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English
Who You'll Work With
You will be based in our Budapest office and will be part of our Enterprise Agility Center team.
You will be a member of highly collaborative team of experts/coaches who are adept at helping organizations become better at solving complex problems, combining business insight with world-class agile development practices.
Our team focuses on delivering impact to our clients by building the essential digital capabilities for their management teams and disseminating our firms deep knowledge in enterprise-wide agile transformations, both internally and externally.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on learning and having impact. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to constantly learn and grow. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others, enabling them to grow and learn.
What You'll Do
You will be responsible for gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations.
You'll participate in analytical processes from task definition to the implementation and interpretation of results, shape strategic product designs, create and deliver presentations, and work with McKinsey subject experts to develop perspectives and insights for the client.
You will likely intersect with many elements of our firm's work including McKinsey Digital, Implementation, and other practices - either by collaborating on teams or working with colleagues from these groups. You will gain insights into many industries, methodologies, and management topics on an ongoing basis.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=95c0249c57948d04,95c0249c57948d04,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Product Manager - Operations and Reliability Engineering,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-24,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in an information technology discipline
Background in engineering or information security
Solid experience with networking and security products
Strong understanding of firewalls, cloud networking, and other relevant networking technology
Knowledge of integration with target systems like Active Directory, LDAP, cloud, web and mobile applications for SSO and provisioning
Experience infrastructure automation/development utilizing APIs is a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with functional and technical teams
Ability to prioritize, coordinate, work well under pressure and meet deadlines.
Highly motivated, self-starter with strong organizational skills
Ability to work both independently and in a global virtual team setting
Comfortable with ambiguity
Ability to synthesize input from multiple stakeholders and to balance that input with own opinion to create a product roadmap
Excellent client service orientation and professional attitude
Flexible to accommodate time-zones as teams are geographically dispersed
Open mindset towards change and engagement for continuous improvement and technology trends
Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Ability to present to and persuade senior leadership
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in our Prague office as part of our Security Engineering team within our Technology and Digital function (T&D). Youll work closely with leaders and stakeholders in IT Security, Operations & Engineering and Enterprise Architecture to formulate the cradle to grave strategic direction and roadmap for the Network Segmentation program.
You will work with an agile tools engineering team to maintain a prioritized product backlog and to drive the agile sprint and release planning. Security Engineering is the foundation for many of our IT security and operations initiatives; including cybersecurity programs such as vulnerability management and security operations (SOC).
In your role you will collaborate closely with product teams to both support their application integration and develop new features improve both security and customer experience. You will work with the latest technologies as part of a global team that is distributed across the US, India, Germany and Costa Rica.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will leverage your skills in product management and execution to deliver a compelling product that delight Technology and Digital leaders and stakeholders alike.
In this role you will be the product visionary for Network Segmentation at McKinsey. You will define the roadmap strategy and take accountability for product decisions.
You will be the ambassador for your stakeholders. You will build strong relationships with them, understand their needs, and turn ideas into insights and features. You will lead design meetings, drive sprint and release planning, maintain a prioritized product backlog and collect and syndicate feedback. You will build followership and motivate technical and non-technical colleagues. You will collaborate closely with developers, UX designers, and other disciplines to identify what will be most critical to the success of your product, what features and capabilities it should have and define how to bring that vision into reality.
In this work, you will actively look for opportunities to apply new tools and technologies. You will focus on network segmentation, zero trust & BeyondCorp, on-prem and cloud solutions and other technical solutions that will reduce the risk in our network environment.
You will primarily be involved in all phases of product development and support. You will closely work with other product managers, technical leads and developers to integrate their products and develop new features that improve both the security, usability and customer experience utilizing agile methodologies.
A core responsibility of your role is the continuous improvement and innovation of the firms network to make it more secure and respond to the ever expanding set of risks and threats. This requires you to be highly adaptable, open to work on new tasks, and learn new technologies.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b60862b1d808fce0,b60862b1d808fce0,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Healthcare Systems and Services,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree, preferably from top-tier institution
1-3 years of experience in the field of IT, consulting and/or business intelligence, preferably healthcare related
Technical background, including knowledge of implementation and project management
Experience of working with large datasets, data visualization tools, machine learning and statistics preferred; knowledge of Hadoop, Hive, Tableau, Python, R, R-shiny, SQL is a plus
Ability to work with multi-disciplinary teams across continents and time zones
Sound problem-solving skills with ability to quickly process complex information and present it clearly
Client service and continuous improvement mindset
Curious and committed to personal development
Excellent communication, adaptability and collaboration skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Healthcare Systems & Services Practice (HSS) team and will be based in Chicago.
The Healthcare Solution Delivery team uses healthcare data (payor / provider / 3rd party data) and analytics to answer some of the most pressing questions our healthcare clients have today such as How do we manage cost of care while improving quality?, How do we remain competitive in the evolving healthcare landscape?, Who are the most vulnerable patients and what interventions can we design to better care for them?.
Our capabilities are foundational to multiple high-profile initiatives and have been core to the HSS practice in delivering organization wide transformation programs for payors (public and private) and providers. The team has grown to 300+ colleagues globally over the last four years. It is a unique mix of healthcare experts, physicians, statisticians, engineers, data scientists, and more.
McKinsey Healthcare Systems & Services fosters innovation driven by advanced analytics, user experience design thinking, predictive forecasting and new product development. We are a community of entrepreneurs within McKinsey dedicated to using technology to accelerate meaningful impact at our clients. Through self-service access to analytics and data, software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will deliver a tech-enabled experience for our client service teams and clients in healthcare.
As a member of our healthcare analytics platform center of excellence, you will deliver top notch data products and analytic services to some of our most important clients, working hand-in-hand with our payor/ provider experts and consultants.
These services range from developing curated and enriched client data products accessed through self-service visual exploration tools and foundational analytics that support our consulting teams  to advanced analytic assets such as web-accessible dynamic applications that support our client service teams and clients on their transformation journeys for sustainable impact. You will be a part of the team that produces the analytics using our proprietary big data and analytic platform; you will be trained on this platform as a core element in your toolkit and will be responsible for supporting and helping to train others on key use cases.
In addition to mastering the platform, you will become fluent with the upstream data model and content, as well as the downstream visualization tools, both of which are critical in producing quality outputs. You will be part of a team that will look to drive improvements through automation/optimization of processes to gain efficiencies, improve user experience, and drive tech-enablement of our consulting services. Youll be accountable for the client engagements for which solutions are delivered and expected to manage relationships across multi-disciplinary engagements. This will require skills in project management and client communication as you participate in problem solving sessions with clients and consultants.
Additionally, you'll support our clients and engagement teams in their use of the solutions to sustainably drive high impact. This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to drive user adoption, help them with questions regarding Solution usage or applicability, etc. You'll also work with clients and McKinsey consultants in joint problem solving sessions and drive the process of converting/enriching raw client data sources into high value data products required for Solutions to deliver business insights for the relevant challenges. You will have the opportunity to master the analytics/methodology embedded in the Solutions as well as the data concepts related to the Solution domains. This expertise will be fundamental to delivering a seamless, tech-enabled experience for our client service teams and clients.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f85d172c64d52ac,8f85d172c64d52ac,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Pricing Solutions,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-02-05,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in business or in engineering
2-3 years of experience in the field of IT, consulting and/or business intelligence.
Good understanding of data prep, analytics and visualization tools like Alteryx, Power BI, Python, QlikView, Excel, Spotfire, SQL, and Tableau
Experience working with large datasets, machine learning and statistics is a plus
Pricing experience in a B2B or B2C environment is ideal
Exposure to the marketing & sales function is a plus
Sound problem-solving with ability to quickly process complex information and present it clearly and simply
Consistently delivers exceptional results and great ideas
Curious and committed to personal development
Able to work well within teams across continents/time zones
Willingness to travel 50% of the time
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work with our Marketing & Sales Solutions team in North American out of one of our above offices. Marketing & Sales is part of our Marketing and Sales practice.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud-based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 27 locations across 16 countries with a team of 700+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work closely with Marketing & Sales Solution leadership and diverse McKinsey resources to define, set-up, and manage the service delivery processes.
In this role you will leverage our Solution (Periscope) and other firm assets to serve clients and create sustainable impact. You will often work on more than one project at time and will be at the core of bridging client business challenges with Periscopes capabilities.
You will work with client representatives and McKinsey consultants in joint problem-solving sessions and will drive the process of converting/enriching raw client data sources into the high added value databases required to deliver insights related to the business challenges at stake.
You will master the analytics/methodology embedded in our Solution (Periscope) as well as the related data concepts. You will also develop a deep understanding of the domain/function (across pricing setting and execution, and performance management) and how they are implemented in an organization. Additionally, you will support clients in their use of our Solution (Periscope) to sustainably drive high impact. This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to discuss how to drive user adoption.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=851b120936d53b2f,851b120936d53b2f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Data Scientist - QuantumBlack,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
MSc or PhD level in the field of Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics
Experience in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques
Programming experience in at least two of the following languages: Python, R, Scala, SQL
Experience in applying data science methods to business problems
Experience in applying advanced analytical and statistical methods in the commercial world
Good presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields
Strong command of both English and Japanese (N2 or above)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Tokyo and will be part of the Analytics team. You will work with other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Designers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using Maths, Stats and Machine Learning to derive structure and knowledge from raw data across various industry sectors.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Senior Data Scientist at QuantumBlack in Tokyo...
You will work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact for organisations globally.
In this role you will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance. You will work alongside the Principal Data Scientist to develop world-class data science products for clients as well as for our data science team.
You will be expected to mentor Fellow Data Scientists and Data Scientists where required, and play an active role in leading team meetings and workshops with clients as well.
You will work on complex data sets from some of the worlds largest organisations, with highly skilled people in data science, data engineering and design.
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits
As an equal opportunity employer, QuantumBlack encourages applications from all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. We maintain a sense of community rooted in respect and consideration for all employees where any evaluation is based simply upon individual work and team performance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e70e7a13419ec47c,e70e7a13419ec47c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Recruiting Communications Lead,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business or related discipline
10+ years of experience in marketing & communications, with experience in recruiting/talent/employer branding preferred
Experience in building employee value propositions across complex global environments
Experience in creating a multi-year marketing/communications strategy and working with stakeholders to implement plan
Experience in content development and digital/social media platforms
Strong project management skills, and the ability to execute with speed, accuracy and efficiency
Excellent writing, editing and overall communications skills
Self-motivated, collaborative and results-driven
Comfortable with workload management, juggling multiple tasks and working under deadlines
Flexibility to travel periodically
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be part of our global Recruiting Communications team, which is an experienced and creative group of professionals. Youll work with recruiters and consultants globally to support more effective hiring for internal roles such as graphic designers, technologists, executive assistants and finance professionals in offices around the world, including in service centers in locations like Poland, the Philippines, Costa Rica, the US and India.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will create and implement a multi-year communications strategy working with recruiters and leaders involved in hiring the best talent for McKinseys internal roles.
In this role you will work with teams around the world to develop content for social and digital channels and work with recruiting and firm teams to execute and analyze campaigns across all channels. You will be an advisor and communications expert to recruiting and leadership teams.
You will integrate messaging into relevant communications, create and lead an internal communications plan and increase awareness, adoption and consistency of messaging, key initiatives and priorities
The role requires a range of communications and project management skills; internal client service skills; the ability to work well in teams; creativity and exceptional writing and editing skills.
In order to be successful in this role, you will be a strategist and a storyteller with excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to bring fresh approaches.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac4cec5875dff800,ac4cec5875dff800,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Data Engineer - QuantumBlack,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics and Statistics or equivalent subject; Master's degree preferred
Solid foundations in Software Engineering, Agile e Cloud computing, alongside passion for finding meaning in disparate data sets.
Development background with experience in at least two scripting, object oriented or functional programming language: SQL, Python, Java, Scala, C#, R, Linux shell, etc.
Working experience with relational databases such as PostgreSQL MSSQL, Oracle, MySQL
Experience with data pipelines and ETL.
Ability to communicate data related findings clearly for audiences of all levels
Experience on Big Data platforms both for batch and streaming data processing like Spark, Hadoop (Hive / Impala / Sqoop)
Experienced with architecting and deploying machine learning solutions to production environment including but not limited to: ML Flow, Flask, Cloud ML or SageMaker
Knowledge of NoSQL databases like Cassandra, HBase, Redis, MongDB, DynamoDB is nice to have
Knowledge on message queueing, streaming and data flow products like Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, RabbitMQ, Storm, NiFi, Flink is nice to have
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions; tolerance in dealing with bad quality data
5+ years of working experience, both in hands on and client facing roles
Distinct customer focus and quality mindset
Excellent interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
Ability to work both independently and in various team settings
Ability to work under pressure with a solid sense for setting priorities
Ability to manage own learning and contribute to domain knowledge building
Strong command of English language (both verbal and written)
Ability to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Despite being part of a large, multinational organization, you will work in a group that operates like small startup company. Our development teams are small, flexible and build highly scalable and secured solutions.
Alongside highly talented business consultants, you will work on client projects focusing on various analyses and implementation.
Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Data Engineer at QuantumBlack
You will apply your passion for finding opportunities in data by using tools and techniques to get insights from large complex data sets.
The impact of your work is normally realized in a very short span of study duration. You'll also focus on learning new technologies and you'll contribute to knowledge sharing, usually through blogs or conferences.
This would be a hybrid client-facing/technical role using state of the art technologies, whilst also being able to communicate complex intractable ideas to non-technical audiences. Collecting clear requirements is a key part of this role and will define the technical strategy the team employs on the study.
You will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance.
Role responsibilities
Work with our clients to model their data landscape, obtain data extracts and define secure data exchange approaches
Acquire, ingest, and process data from multiple sources and systems into Big Data platforms
Understanding, assessing and mapping the data landscape.
Maintaining our Information Security standards on the engagement.
Collaborate with our data scientists to map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models.
Defining the technology stack to be provisioned by our infrastructure team.
Building modular pipeline to construct features and modelling tables.
Use new and creative techniques to deliver impact for our clients as well as internal R&D projects.
What youll learn
How successful projections on real world problems across a variety of industries are completed through referencing past deliveries of end to end pipelines.
Build products alongside the Core engineering team and evolve the engineering process to scale with data, handling complex problems and advanced client situations.
Be focused on the wrangling, clean-up and transformation of data by working alongside the Data Science team which focuses on modelling the data.
Using new technologies and problem-solving skills in a multicultural and creative environment.
You will work on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of Data Scientists and Data Engineers use to progress from data to impact. You will guide global companies through data science solutions to transform their businesses and enhance performance across industries.
Real-World Impact No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
We help companies use data to drive decisions. We combine business experience, expertise in large-scale data analysis and visualization, and advanced software engineering know-how to deliver results. From aerospace to finance to Formula One, we help companies prototype, develop, and deploy bespoke data science and data visualisation solutions to make better decisions.
Please submit your CV in English
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits
As an equal opportunity employer, QuantumBlack encourages applications from all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. We maintain a sense of community rooted in respect and consideration for all employees where any evaluation is based simply upon individual work and team performance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fe8adb388c4ffb9d,fe8adb388c4ffb9d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Senior Fellow, Data Science - Sales Analytics",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree (MBA, MS, PhD, etc.) in Economics/Mathematics/Physics/Statistics/Operations Research
2-4 years of experience with advanced analytics and statistical techniques such as multivariate regression / predictive modeling, classification and regression tree (CART/CHAID), factor analysis, correspondence analysis, clustering, discriminant analysis, and Random Forest
Passion in driving sales excellence and using analytics to advance commercial outcomes
Experience designing and running agile analytics programs that prove business impact even in absence of well-structured data
Confidence dealing with less-than-perfect data (e.g., cleaning, fusing, extrapolating)
Experience in mixed modeling and working with big data techniques is desirable
Experience in probability theory, optimization techniques, and optimization algorithms
Familiarity with Advanced Analytics software tools (e.g. Python, R, SPSS, Alteryx)
Ability to identify implications and drive toward business recommendation
Strong communication skills with demonstrated ability to present in clear and concise manner
Strong multi-tasking abilities, flexibility and patience in a fluid environment
Team oriented and collaborative approach in working across teams and clients
Passion for analytics and problem solving
Ability to travel up to 75%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Atlanta, Chicago or Waltham and will be part of our Marketing & Sales practice.
The Marketing & Sales practice strives to help clients in both consumer and business-to-business environments on a wide variety of marketing and sales topics. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM, pricing, and sales and channel management. The Sales and Channel Management Service Line helps clients make lasting improvements to the effectiveness of their sales investments and interactions with customers across all channels to drive sales growth. We help clients in achieving and sustaining profitable growth through sales and channel management excellence.
Our practice offers an exceptional opportunity to work at the intersection of marketing, sales and consulting. Focusing on issues like redefining marketing and sales operations and commercial transformation, our people help clients build capabilities and transform how companies go to market - moving them to customer centric organizations.
As part of this role, you will work with product & technology and client service teams in designing and executing advanced analytic approaches that identify growth and pricing excellence opportunities for McKinsey clients. Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey is an award-winning technology platform that enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud-based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients identify growth and margin opportunities through advanced analytics as well as help them transform their commercial processes to capture these opportunities.
As a seasoned data scientist, you will lead project design and delivery. You will bring creative approaches to gathering, structuring, and fusing data and then building and running analytic models that provide insight into critical commercial processes. This may include cross-sell, churn reduction, dynamic pricing, etc. You will also leverage relevant statistics and analytics software tools and help train junior team members on analytic best practices. Additionally, you'll apply practical judgment on how to deal with less-than-perfect data to hypothesize opportunities and help clients construct commercial pilots that validate value creation opportunities.
You will help ensure that data and analytic models are embedded at clients. In particular, you will advise clients on how to adapt analytic models into their commercial system environments. Working with software engineers and product managers, you'll advance Sales Solutions software assets and you'll also work with our McKinsey Digital teams to leverage capabilities in third-party software.
Furthermore, you'll develop and maintain standard analytical models and approaches that can be re-used across clients, as well as analysis cases/demos environments highlighting specific use cases. You will have the opportunity to develop and codify industry-level insights/knowledge and identify new areas of application/use cases.
Your success will be measured in the ability to deliver analysis and business changing insights to clients, as well as their ability to turn one off models into repeatable and more standard analytical approaches and models.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ee856937c29a10cf,ee856937c29a10cf,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Product Design Lead,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
BS or MS in Interaction Design, Cognitive Science, HCI, Anthropology, Psychology, or equivalent experience
Minimum 6+ years of experience planning, conducting and communicating the findings from user research for digital products and services (familiarity with an Enterprise setting is a plus)
Experience planning and conducting both quantitative and qualitative user research at all stages of product development
Ability to frame key questions, create research plans to address those, conduct research, and synthesize the findings into meaningful, actionable insights
Ability to design and conduct user testing and concept validation i.e. identify potential solution options for a stated user need and design experiments that help elicit the most viable solution for users
Strong ability to generate and communicate compelling & actionable insights, both verbally and visually
Strong interaction and visual design skills, including use of a diverse set of tools, e.g. Adobe creative suite, OmniGraffle, Sketch, InVision etc.
Solid knowledge of and experience with Agile software development
Strong communication skills with the ability to articulate and optimize design based on the value to the user and the business
Strong collaboration you partner well with others to solve problems and actively incorporate input from various sources; experience working with others on a global basis
Ability to navigate multiple stakeholder groups and influence others
Passionate about creating value through great design and user experience
Ability to structure ambiguous problems and define tasks needed to bring clarity
Excellent communication skills, including written, verbal and presentation
Experience in managing communications with users and stakeholders
.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in our Gurgaon office as a member of our Design & Innovation team. You will work alongside product managers, developers and solution architects.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will leverage an iterative, user-centered approach and solid UI design skills to conceive and deliver valuable new experiences for our clients and colleagues across mobile and web platforms.
An essential member of our Design & Innovation team, you contribute to all aspects of our process, from research and ideation to delivery with a focus on prototyping and creatively approaching constraints. Because our work spans from early research to executing ideas, you need to be able to think both conceptually and pragmatically about solutions.
You will pair up with product managers, developers, and solution architects to determine what is should feel like to interact with a product or service across multiple touch points, help clarify what will be most critical to the success of a product, and define how we make those concepts real. You will constantly be looking to learn new tools and technologies to deepen your craft.
You will collaborate in cross-disciplinary teams (design, product management, engineering, and data analysts) to conceive and produce new experiences, products and services. You will advise the team on what will create a highly engaging and intuitive user experience and be the voice for how design decisions will impact realization of product vision.
You will design and deliver best practice user research, including helping the Product Manager frame key questions, create research plans to address those, conduct activities, and synthesize the findings into meaningful, actionable insights. You will provide hands-on craftsmanship of the UI and you will push the boundaries with what's possible in partnership with technologists and product stakeholders.
You will lead the creation of prototypes that help communicate and validate the optimal user flow, interaction model, and screen designs. You will also lead the creation of wireframes and mockups for UI (web and mobile) that the team can use to create stories and that developers can translate into code. You will collaborate with software developers and architects to review, iterate and refine product design during development cycles.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e450b8fd5c3039b1,e450b8fd5c3039b1,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Data Analyst- Data Engineering,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-15,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related fields with an excellent academic record; advanced degree preferred
4+ years of relevant work experience working on at least two of the following technologies Python, Scala, SQL, Java
Meaningful experience in multiple database technologies such as Distributed Processing (Spark, Hadoop, EMR), traditional RDBMS (MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL), MPP (AWS Redshift, Teradata), NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB, Cassandra, Neo4J, Titan)
Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets
Commercial client-facing project experience is helpful, including working in close-knit teams
Confirmed ability in clearly communicating complex solutions
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be part of our Data Analytics team in Chennai. Our Data Analytics team provides analytics insights to consulting teams and clients across the globe. The team is predominantly composed of data scientists and data engineers who are not dedicated to any specific industry or functional knowledge domain and work across a variety of industries, functions and analytics methodologies.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work directly with our client project teams and will be a part of analytics focused engagements on data engineering and big data topics.
Your role will be that of a subject matter expert on data engineering and will involve working closely with our clients and colleagues to curate, transform and construct features which feed directly into our modelling approach. You will help model data landscape, obtain data extracts and define secure data exchange approaches. This will involve acquiring, ingesting, and processing data from multiple sources and systems into Big Data platforms. You will also collaborate with our data scientists to map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models.
Youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Our analysts receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c6a56346e48edcd4,c6a56346e48edcd4,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Software Engineer - Technology & Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's or Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject
1-2 years of IT experience with hands-on experience in large-scale application/system/platform/integration architectures
1+ years of relative full stack experience with JavaScript technology stack (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS)
1+ years minimum of experience working with SPA including TypeScript,AngularJS, React, Redux , NodeJS, Bootstrap and modern open-source web frameworks
Proficient understanding of JavaScript unit testing framework and libraries, such as Mocha, Chai, Jasmine, Jest ( Must Have)
Deep expertise with HTML5, CSS3
Basic understanding of CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS
Proficient understanding of tools like Grunt, Gulp, Bower, Yeoman, WebPack,Browserify
Exposure to Agile software delivery; acceptance test driven development and/or test-driven development preferred.
Excellent interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our New York office as part of our Technology & Digital function.
This group provides for all of the firms internal software development needs. The goal is to provide McKinseys business thought leaders the tools and knowledge they need as they work with clients around the globe.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional enterprise software products.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll help teams deliver breakthrough digital products and services and continuously improve, working with technology & digital leaders, McKinsey business sponsors & stakeholders, and global product and service teams.
In this role youll own technical strategy for broad or complex requirements with insightful and forward-looking approaches that go beyond the direct team and solve large open-ended problems. Youll participate in the strategic development of methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria for projects and programs. Youll lead a broad functional area and directs efforts through team leads along with teams overall planning.
You will design, develop and support highly scalable, responsive web applications and services. You will produce high quality code that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration. You will build reusable code and libraries for future use.
You will engage with our world-class engineering and program teams to build products and solutions. You will be collaborating closely with product managers, developers, and other disciplines to identify what will be most critical to the success of a product, what it should feel like to interact with a product or service across multiple touch points, and to define how we bring that experience into reality.
You will also have the opportunity to be an advocate and coach for design thinking, helping others in the firm develop their knowledge, skills and capabilities in the use empathetic, inventive and iterative methods for product development.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d2ede14e00a03c54,d2ede14e00a03c54,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Engineer - Vulnerability Management,McKinsey & Company,"Austin, TX",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
BTech degree with background in Engineering or Information Security
3 years of experience managing security product or part of security program, specially around: pen-testing, vulnerability management or red team
Hands on cloud operations experience at scale in AWS and/or Azure
Knowledge of vulnerability security technologies such as : Rapid 7, Tenable, Qualys, Metasploit etc
Any relevant IT or security certifications including CISSP, CISM, CRISC, CEH or SANS certs
Demonstrable background in security products and technologies, security engineering, networking protocols and security analysis
Solid knowledge infrastructure and network security
Good level understanding of the Cyber Kill Chain and pervasive threat attack methods, and remediation
Experience infrastructure automation/development utilizing APIs
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with functional and technical teams
Ability to prioritize, coordinate, work well under pressure and meet deadlines
Ability to work both independently and and in a global virtual team setting
Comfortable with ambiguity, dealing with challenges and unplanned work
Excellent client service orientation and professional attitude
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Comfortable working with technical and business teams
Continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD) experience a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be part of the Vulnerability Management (VM) team based in Gurgaon. This team supports and manages the firm's Vulnerability Management Program which covers data centres, offices, and cloud
In your role you will collaborate closely with product teams to both cover their applications and develop new capabilities to enhance the security posture of those products. You will work with the latest technologies as part of a global team that is distributed across New York, San Jose, Prague and Gurgaon.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help grow, standardize, scale and operate our Vulnerability Management program across the firm and manage our risk exposure to a cyber attack.
In this role you will primarily be involved in all phases of the vulnerability management cycle: assets, detection, remediation, verification and reporting. You will closely work with product managers, technical leads, operations and developers to integrate their products and enhance and automate the prioritization and remediation of vulnerabilities using agile methodologies.
You will architect and design solutions that integrate the existing vulnerability management solutions with the different product team across the firm. You will also help to set the standards that would help us to move forward with the maturity of our program across multiple dimensions.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=afece2759914f24a,afece2759914f24a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Specialist - Digital 20/20,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent area, plus graduate degree and/or MBA preferred
3-5 years of experience in field of information technology
Fluency in Spanish a plus (verbal and written)
Consulting experience preferred
Experience in Agile, DevOps, Advanced Analytics or Cloud a plus
Strong understanding of information technology topics, as well as economic, financial and general business concepts and terminologies required
Ability to work well in ambiguity and a highly entrepreneurial environment, consistently delivering exceptional results
Excellent communication skills and ability to explain and present complex information and influence senior business and IT executives on technology decisions
Ability to establish yourself as a trusted and indispensable adviser
Strong multi-tasking and detail-oriented project management abilities, and excellent time management skills
Curious and committed to personal development with a professional attitude and client-service orientation
Ability to work collaboratively and effectively in an international team environment with people at all levels of the organization
Working knowledge of any of the following are a plus: Python, R, SAS, Tableau, Power BI, Alteryx, Confirmit integration, Qualtrics, NoSQL databases, Agile, DevOps, Advanced Analytics or Cloud
Flexibility to travel regionally and globally up to 30-50% of the time, if needed
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Digital 20/20 team in New York/New Jersey or Waltham, MA (US).
Digital 20/20 is part of the McKinsey Digital practice, and is based on McKinseys cumulative IT, digital and analytics expertise. Our team offers services and software tools to improve the IT performance of medium and large enterprises and IT service providers.
We support the entire value chain of IT performance transformation, from quickly assessing current performance and maturity, benchmarking against industry peers and best-in-class companies, identifying improvement levers and quantifying potential, supporting implementation measures, and sustaining improvements over time.
Digital 20/20 solutions complement McKinsey's traditional client service and our team works closely with clients to embed our tools, analytics and expertise, and provide on-going support to help them build the capabilities they need to revolutionize how decisions are made.
The Digital 20/20 team provides a unique opportunity to take on an entrepreneurial challenge and have clear impact on business, all while leveraging the knowledge and network of a world-class consultancy. Through innovative software-as-a-service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work on core IT diagnostic topics in the context of digital and analytics transformations, including IT efficiency and effectiveness, process digitization, Agile/DevOps, and Cloud Migration.
You'll do this as part of our core Digital 20/20 team, in partnership with McKinsey consulting teams, and with clients. You will be responsible for delivering Digital 20/20 services stand-alone or as a part of a broader McKinsey engagement.
For example, youll work on analysis of a companys IT productivity, IT maturity or digital maturity, and use that to prioritize initiatives and inform the development of a holistic IT transformation roadmap.
In these projects, you will interact with both junior and senior client stakeholders (up to C-level), supervise and coordinate analyst(s) for data gathering, analyze and problem solve complex client issues, and build end deliverables.
Throughout this process, you will serve as a subject-matter expert to clients and McKinsey colleagues in the field of IT performance diagnostics.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffaf4faf02127122,ffaf4faf02127122,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Digital Procurement,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Engineering degree from Tier 1 Technology or similar institutes
2+ years of relevant professional work experience with a reputed analytics firm in the field of procurement RFX/ sourcing and/or Advanced Analytics using RFX sourcing (e.g. Coupa CSO, Jaggaer, Scout RFP, SAP Ariba etc)
Understanding of purchasing, procurement process, sourcing and saving opportunity identification
Exposure with procurement content such as spend analysis and bid analysis will be an advantage
Strong proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint
Knowledge on variety of procurement technologies and sourcing solutions like Jaggaer, Coupa, SAP Ariba, Zycus, Ivalua, SynerTradeand others similar solutions will be an advantage
Solid problem-solving capabilities, including the ability to dis-aggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions.
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong written/verbal communications skills
Willingness to travel (30-40% of time)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in our McKinsey Knowledge Center in Gurgaon and will be part of our Digital Procurement team. This group is part of our Product Development & Procurement (PDP) service line.
Youll be part of our global Client Capability Network (CCN), which includes more than 1,800 knowledge professionals who work alongside our consultants and clients to generate distinctive insights and proprietary knowledge. You will work with this group to help develop, codify, sanitize, and manage our global knowledge portal, which includes more than 50,000 documents that form the backbone of our firm's knowledge management.
You will work with our McKinsey consulting teams and at times directly with clients to delivery digital procurement solution assets. These assets will include spend cube development, spend analysis, online request for information/ quotation (eRFXs), Category analytics solution and other procurement related solutions. Mainly you will have deep expertise on one of the RFX/ sourcing solutions (e.g. Coupa CSO, Jaggaer, Scout RFP, SAP Ariba etc)
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will demonstrate the asset solution capabilities by providing an overview of the sourcing solution tool and how it is used in strategic sourcing projects.
In this role you will help client team members with understanding basic sourcing optimization terminology and workflow, planning the sourcing process and identifying requirements for a relevant outcome. You will drive end to end sourcing event set up and launch. This will be done through building the event framework, the data structure for supplier submissions, gateway documents, messaging and issue board etc. You will guide the teams on understanding the structure, syntax, and efficient use of formula fields to evaluate offers. You will be monitoring the bidding process, bid cost and assessing the quality of the input.
You will provide feedback to strategically drive competition. You will work on client engagements as a Solution Delivery Analyst to provide analytics support to deliver key insights on sourcing projects thru use of the configurable reporting tools to assess responses, aggregate data, and create negotiation support and business summaries. You will produce high quality results from solution assets
You will ensure digital procurement assets, vendors, and processes adhere to our standards and that client information and data is safeguarded to the utmost level
You will deliver cutting edge knowledge related to the solution asset domain and will support the development and maintenance of capabilities including assets, knowledge, tools, fact packs, case studies, primers.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4c2946ad951c6f7f,4c2946ad951c6f7f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Software Engineer,McKinsey & Company,"Denver, CO 80202 (Lodo area)",2020-01-29,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science (or similar)
4+ years of development experience
Java OR .Net OR Ruby on Rails OR PHP coding experience (any one of these skills will work, we can teach you the others)
JavaScript MVC framework like React JS, Backbone or Node JS
Develop RESTful API
Experience with DevOps practices
Cloud Native Application development on AWS, Azure or Heroku
HTML5/CSS (mobile development like Objective-C, Swift, Xamarin or PhoneGap)
Relational/Non-Relational data stores like MongoDB, CouchDB or Cassandra

WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Waltham, Massachusetts office as part of our Technology & Digital function. This group provides for all the firms internal software development needs. The goal is to provide McKinseys business thought leaders the tools and knowledge they need as they work with clients around the globe.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our user community with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will contribute to the architecture across the technology stack from databases to native applications.
In this role you will create rapid prototypes, usually in 2-3 weeks, as well as full-scale applications by working collaboratively and iteratively through design and development to deliver fully function web-based and mobile applications. You will develop RESTful API services and performance tuning large-scale applications. You will utilize DevOps practices and tooling like CD pipelines, Chef, Puppet, or Ansible.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3d3afc4abfd6e744,3d3afc4abfd6e744,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Data Analyst - Marketing and Sales,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology
1-2 years of experience in the field of Data Analytics, IT (Database-focused), ETL and/or data analysis domains
Experience with SQL Server and Excel
Python or Java/.NET programming background
Ability and inclination to process large set of data
Big Data technologies exposure (Hadoop, Kudu, Impala)
Exposure to AWS, Exasol and Jenkins is considered a plus
Excellent time management skills
Strong interpersonal skills including assertiveness, not afraid to challenge constructively, fast learner, client oriented, respect of commitments, etc.
Sound problem-solving skills and action-oriented mindset
Good attitude for getting the task executed and creative implementation of technology
Able to cope with pressure and demonstrate a reasonable level of flexibility/adaptability
Good communication skills in English; added language (French or Portuguese) is a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Periscope team in our San Jose, Costa Rica office. This is part of an exciting, highly visible fast-growing group within our Marketing & Sales Ventures and the broader firm.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to enable 25 solutions which focus on insights and marketing,expert support and training. It is a distinct combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future.
Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 26 locations across 16 countries with a team of 350+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will perform configuration of applications based on instructions and specifications provided by the Service Management team.
You will be responsible for performing uploads of data into applications. This entails using application administration tools (combination of proprietary tools, Microsoft SQL Server, Excel, VBA scripting depending on the application), validating raw data quality and taking corrective measures in case of issues.
Additionally, you'll perform manual data cleansing and QA activities related to the execution of application configuration and data upload activities. You will also code and script (SQL, SSIS, etc.) for automating data transformation and loading.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ff6c681fa3f9699f,ff6c681fa3f9699f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Recruiter,McKinsey & Company,"Houston, TX 77075 (Southeast area)",2020-01-12,"McKinsey & Company, Southern Office
Recruiter  Houston
Summary of Position

The Southern Office Recruiter is primarily responsible for driving and managing all aspects of recruiting for Associates, Business Analysts, Summer Associates, and Summer Business Analysts with a focus on the Houston location. The ideal candidate will have McKinsey recruiting experience and will serve as an integral member of both the Southern Office recruiting team and Houston location.

Reports to:
Recruiting Operations Manager, Southern Office Location: Houston

Key Responsibilities
Houston location recruiting responsibilities:
Work closely with Houston CSS to set location recruiting strategy; manage day-to-day operations and develop strong CSS relationships within the Houston location
Contribute as a value-add and collaborative participant of the Southern Office recruiting team; establish effective working relationships with all team members to ensure cohesion and provide your perspectives and concerns as the voice of Houston recruiting
Manage a high volume of online applications; process and track applications; monitor candidate assessment results and update candidate management database
Provide end-to-end management of the Houston candidate final round pipeline to include strategically scheduling all final round days; working with appropriate CSS to manage participation; facilitating and leading decision meetings; managing all candidate data and interview follow up within appropriate tools (e.g., Reach, REM, etc.)
Assist CSS with Houston cultivation to include planning and executing local events; assigning specific CSS to call offerees to address their issues and concerns; developing creative, personalized strategies while managing overall location recruiting budget
Provide input into the semi-annual review process for CSS who have contributed to our office recruiting activity


Southern Office source lead responsibilities:
Work directly with SO Source Partner and CSS teams to drive strategy for SO attraction and cultivation efforts to include tracking and analyzing recruiting results/trends; setting and driving agendas with team on a consistent basis
Organize and attend SO high potential and cultivation events on campus as needed; manage staffing of all Firm and SO events where SO participation is required
Work with the CSS teams to review and recommend candidates for the SO interview list
Screen resumes for recommended round one passes on behalf of the SO, and forward to location recruiters for input as necessary
Serve as primary contact and counselor for SO candidates throughout the identification, attraction and early assessment stages; be highly responsive to their needs and inquiries


Competencies, characteristics and experience required
Typically 3-5 years of relevant work experience (recruiting experience a strong plus), HR or Recruiting background preferred
Strong strategic thinker  ability to see and manage to the big picture while driving impact on specific initiatives
Strong analytical/numerical ability, including high degree of comfort with Excel
Excellent interpersonal, communication and teamwork skills; ability to build great relationships with candidates, CSS at all levels and recruiting colleagues; a positive open attitude and a sense of fun
Proactive problem solver capable of identifying issues and generating solutions; desire and energy to continuously improve recruiting processes
Outstanding organizational skills, ability to coordinate multiple streams of work independently; close attention to detail
Demonstrated initiative, judgment and maturity; track record as self starter; mindful of external reputation; discreet, respectful and caring with confidential information
Flexibility to deal with last minute changes; ability to remain calm under pressure; comfortable working with minimal direction and flexibility to work overtime as required
Willing to contribute to heavy administrative tasks required in all aspects of the candidate management process
Ability to look beyond own responsibilities in order to help team members with more urgent deadlines as needed
4-year college degree required


Mobility
While the role is a Southern Office Recruiter, s/he will reside in Houston and therefore we may offer moderate mobility.

Equal Opportunity Employment Disclaimer

McKinsey & Company is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
XJ6",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da3debc23f79611b,da3debc23f79611b,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Senior Digital Analyst - Product Engineering, McKinsey Digit...",McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent area
8+ years of experience in software development
Experience with building consumer quality products, enabling business capability and objectives through technology
Strong application development knowledge of any of the following technologies: object-oriented programming languages, dynamic programing languages, SQL, application integration protocols, messaging protocols and application monitoring
Infrastructure knowledge including Single Sign On, LDAP, search-related technologies and task automation
Cloud computing knowledge on the major industry players such as Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure
Deep understanding on the architectural concepts governing the design of highly scalable and reliable applications for cloud environments and using cloud-based services and products
Experiences of engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Knowledge of Agile software development process
Familiarity with performance metric tools
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions
Energized by complex problem solving and ability to push the innovation on solutions
Excellent communication skills with the ability to influence senior client business and IT executives on technology decisions
Excellent leadership skills and enjoys teaching/mentoring others
Ability to work under pressure, manage client expectations effectively and not get overwhelmed by client pressures on team
Distinct customer focus and quality mindset
Ability to manage own learning and contribute to functional knowledge building
Ability to work both independently and in various team settings
Fluent in English and Portuguese (both verbal and written)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be based in Sao Paulo and will be part of our McKinsey Digital Lab as part of our Digital McKinsey team.
Digital McKinsey brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses. As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation.
Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a core member of the Digital McKinsey consulting team with responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that McKinseys craft stays on the leading edge of technology.
In this role you will be involved in agile implementation and transformation projects with our clients. You will develop new products to take to our clients, leveraging cloud technologies, and micro-services architecture patterns. You will be an active learner, identifying new open source libraries, using unfamiliar technologies and learning new programming languages to meet technical requirements.
You will have a strong understanding of key agile engineering practices to guide teams and contribute to growing and improving our engineering practices. You will help your team build better engineering practices, building on our automated testing and continuous integration practices.
Initially, you may be working with a development partner team as we build out our internal engineering capability. You'll mentor engineers within the team, ensure for accurate and complete release and deployment plans by the team. You will build through consensus (when possible) a technical vision and helps the team execute and iterate on it. Additionally, you'll identify and escalate technical barriers, dependencies or risks, ensure technical standards and best practices are followed at all times, help manage the process by which code is delivered and its quality. You'll be busy with contributing code and participate in code reviews, facilitate breaking down user stories into technical tasks, communicating technical and delivery risk to the team and escalates to management when appropriate.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a7adf461c078494,9a7adf461c078494,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Consultant - Electric Power Natural Gas,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree; Advanced degree preferred; Doctoral and advanced degree candidates in energy policy, geology, engineering, and related disciplines will be considered
5+ years of experience in utilities, LNG, solar energy, hydro power, renewables, electric power - generation, transmission and distribution
Clear demonstration of leadership in a work, academic, and/or extracurricular setting.
Strong interest in and passion for coaching or mentoring others
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Flexibility to travel regionally or globally up to 80% depending on client and base location
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation (MI)  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in Southeast Asia (Bangkok or Jakarta). As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Right from the start of a project, MI consultants are on the ground ensuring that implementation success is a priority. We engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small teams to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results and then ensure those results are sustained.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cd383ae78dbaa7b6,cd383ae78dbaa7b6,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Commercial Research Analyst - Pharmaceutical and Medical Pro...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree from a respected institution with demonstrated analytical expertise is required
Background in the business, marketing, economics, finance or life sciences
Strong interest in PMP Commercial topics such as marketing/sales, customer insights, pricing, and channel management
Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and quantitative skills
Strong multi-tasking abilities
Ability to accomplish work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Strong work ethic and can do attitude
Highly inquisitive and creative individual who is excited about working in a cross-cultural environment
Strong people skills and the ability to coach, motivate and inspire younger colleagues
Solid understanding of economic, financial, and general business concepts and terminology
Strong IT skills, including proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and basic business tools (experience with Alteryx and Tableau is a plus)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in Waltham, Massachusetts as part of our Client Capability Network, focused on Pharmaceutical and Medical Products (PMP). Within our Pharmaceuticals & Medical Products (PMP) Practice, youll be part of our teams global PMP Intelligence team which consists of around 100 professionals across analytics, knowledge, and capability & insights. As a Research Analyst, you will be part of our Capability and Insights sub-group, with an opportunity to balance client service via our client service teams with knowledge and capability development.
You will be part of our global Client Capability Network, which includes more than 1,800 knowledge professionals who work alongside our consultants and clients to generate distinctive insights and proprietary knowledge. You will work with this group to help develop, codify, sanitize, and manage our global knowledge portal, which includes more than 50,000 documents that form the backbone of our firm's knowledge management.
The PMP practice helps clients across three dedicated functional service lines spanning Commercial, R&D, and Operations, as well as a host of client interest groups and functional joint ventures. We believe the PMP Knowledge team has exciting years ahead with the ability to expand our service offering to internal and external clients; to meaningfully develop and advance our portfolio of proprietary analytical and knowledge assets; and to play a bigger role in externalizing our knowledge and broadening our networks.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will develop industry analyses, keep up to date with industry developments and help our consultants apply cutting-edge industry knowledge to client problem-solving as well as serve clients directly on your topics of expertise (there will be potential for travel).
In this role you will leverage your experience in the PMP industry to be a thought-partner to client teams and clients on topics in commercial (e.g. marketing/sales, customer insights, pricing, and channel management) in order to prioritize research activities which will have the most impact. You will apply yourself to the complex issues facing leading companies in this sector. You will draw on your exceptional creativity, initiative, enthusiasm, research and analytical skills  in a highly collaborative and professional team environment  to deliver leading-edge thinking in clear, well-structured communications.
Additionally, you will synthesize findings by preparing McKinsey-formatted end-products to include written memos, numerical analysis, and/or presentations. You will have the opportunity to develop industry knowledge and expertise in PMP Commercial topics and be a true thought partner for our consultants and clients. You will also collaborate with our global knowledge team to share and build knowledge, best practices and relevant new ideas. You will be able to codify knowledge and help support the continuous improvement of our knowledge operations and infrastructure, innovating firm knowledge and knowledge delivery through special projects (both with client teams and with the knowledge team).",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7843da8f7904075b,7843da8f7904075b,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Fellow - Marketing & Sales,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Masters degree in Marketing or Business
Initial experience in and passion for marketing and sales
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Sociable and confident nature
Excellent English language skills and local language ability
Ability to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working in Germany with our Marketing & Sales practice as a Fellow.
The Marketing & Sales Practice strives to help client in both consumer and business-to-business environments on a wide variety of marketing and sales topics. The mission of this practice is to help clients achieve marketing-driven profit growth. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM pricing, and sales and channel management.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As part of this two year fellowship program, you will become an experienced and highly-trained consultant within the core areas of marketing and sales.
As a member of our European Marketing & Sales Practice, you will have unique opportunities to draw on your knowledge to shape the future of our clients and to create something of your own.
You will work in a team with fellow colleagues and with clients from a variety of industries and countries to solve strategic and operational problems under the instruction of Senior Managers. In collaboration with colleagues from around the world, you will contribute to the further development of proprietary McKinsey concepts as well as ensure that the knowledge and conceptual basis in the Marketing & Sales Practice are kept up to date with the latest advances in the field.
During the fellowship program, you will acquire the knowledge you need to help companies achieve excellence in marketing and sales and you will apply your expertise in a variety of projects. Under the mentorship of leaders and experts in this practice, you will biweekly dedicate one day to building up functional expertise together with other colleagues. It is possible to follow up the program with a third year, during which you can work on a further academic degree.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=035de77df398e915,035de77df398e915,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Coach - OrgSolutions, Analytical Business Advisor",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in the area of industrial/organizational psychology, business, economics, engineering, operations or other related analytical discipline
Master's or other graduate degree is a plus
0-3 years of experience in Organizational Design, Change Management or other HR Consulting topics
Proficiency in PowerPoint and Excel
Previous experience in developing and analyzing surveys and/or developing insights from software is a plus
Social science research experience is a plus
Top-tier problem solving, analytical and quantitative skills
Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills; fluency in English in business contexts
Excitement for entrepreneurial, fast paced culture
Ability to take ownership and prioritize under pressure
Strong influencing and stakeholder management skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in our San Jose office, with our OrgSolutions team. You will play an active role in the OrgSolutions team and product development by collaborating with colleagues in your regional and global OrgSolutions team.
OrgSolutions combines innovative design technology and advanced analytics with deep expertise to accelerate effective organizational decisions. OrgSolutions can help Human Resources and business leaders to make smarter organizational decisions by leveraging advanced data analytics, user-centered design technology and proven methodologies.
These approaches help clients to answer critical questions related to cost reduction, efficiency and effectiveness streamlining, merger plans, divestments and carve outs, and talent deployment.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be managing multi-month client projects and implementing change together with McKinsey consultants and OrgSolutions experts.
You will facilitate sustainable and large-scale organizational change at our clients. You will lead the deployment of OrgSolutions (OS) tools and approaches in the context of major organizational restructuring, change management, culture transformation, or leadership development and will develop into go-to organizational experts within McKinsey.
In addition to delivering impact at our clients, you will play a key role in developing and implementing improvement ideas to position our firm as a thought leader in the organizational space and continually improve the way we operate as a solution.
You will work on a 2-3 projects at a time across a region, and be responsible for managing multiple work streams across them. You will be working global team members and have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of international projects.
You will also manage data collection, administration, analysis, and synthesis of data from proprietary McKinsey diagnostics. You will produce client-ready presentations, reports, and workshop materials. Furthermore, you'll contextualize org concepts to enable client understanding of general concepts within their specific organizational contexts.
You will have the opportunity to serve clients remotely from the local office as well as on-site where required (travel may range from 5% to 80%, depending on tenure, demand, and personal interest). You will problem solve with consultants and directly with clients to facilitate strategic organizational change and build client capabilities for change.
Additionally, you will co-facilitate client workshops and prepare the materials and logistics for workshops. You will have the opportunity to implement health and org design with consultants and clients, building client capabilities and capacity for change along the way.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10616a8c42cf98d9,10616a8c42cf98d9,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Citrix Engineer - Technology and Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Strong understanding of Citrix products (e.g.Virtual Desktop, Virtual App, ADC, Storefront, Workspace, Application Delivery Management, PVS/MCS, and Citrix Policies, etc.)
Experience with Azure
Knowledge of other products preferred: Microsoft Windows Virtual Desktops, FSLogix, VMWare ESX, Nvidia vGPU, Controlup Monitoring, Active Directory, Citrix Cloud, Microsoft Server and Desktop OS
Experience with DevOps practices and tooling will be a plus
Project management experience
Ability to self-learn new technologies
Work collaboratively in a team environment
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join us in Prague office as a part of the global virtual desktop user community. You will also work as part of various technology teams within internal McKinsey IT organization.
You will work in a team of three Citrix Engineers and Architects delivering solutions and projects to be used by internal users.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work on creating new solutions and will be responsible for designing, architecting, and implementing the firms end user virtualization solution strategy for DR/BC.
In this role you will be responsible for technologies including Citrix and multiple associated product platforms and solutions. Your role will include end to end design and deployment of cloud-based VDI solution to meet requirements of initial user communities under the firms broad BCP strategy.
You will be part of a broader engineering group, providing new and additional opportunities across various technologies based on existing skill sets and interests.
Additionally, you will design and implement global user experience-focused end user virtualization solutions for DR/BC. You will develop/transition end to end DR test plan, considering all technical and end user impact. You will design, deploy, and update technology components to meet environment, end user, and use case needs.
Furthermore, you'll lead new product POCs and eventual production implementations, while working closely with vendors. You will assist the IT support team with complex problems and train them on core technologies. You'll perform maintenance and administration of core infrastructure and components. You will also participate in our change management processes and manage/lead multiple projects simultaneously.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d4911dd98c23db57,d4911dd98c23db57,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Manager - China Consumer Client Development Hub,McKinsey & Company,"Dallas, TX 75201",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Manager level at top tier consulting firms, with consumer experience
Comfort interacting with senior colleagues; effective interpersonal communication and influencing skills; flexibility to collaborate effectively particularly in stressful situations
Interest in client development and leading innovative proposals
Self-motivation and entrepreneurship, passion for developing new situations
Attention to detail; ability to prioritize and simultaneously process multiple tasks with big picture in mind
Interest in coaching and developing colleagues
Sensitivity to/discretion in handling confidential information
Fluent in written and spoken Chinese
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in one of our Greater China offices and will be part of our Client Development Hub (CDH). The mission and impact aspirations of CDH is to improve the effectiveness and impact of our consumer client development (both proactive and reactive), with particular emphasis on proposal support for priority consumer clients.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll be working closely with other Consumer Client Development Hubs globally, the new consumer content manager and the consumer practice team to develop and share best practice to upgrade our proposal quality.
In this role you will codify practice proposal assets to bring the best of the firm to our proposals. This will include consumer practice expertise and relevant functional expertise, tailored qualifications packs and associated materials. You will identify and support white spot clientele opportunities across CPG and retail and will have a chance to build entrepreneurship and proposal writing skills.
You will work with the consumer leaders to manage the pipeline, and identify and prioritize white space client opportunities and to proactively reach out to them. You will help prepare and enhance library of proposal assets. This includes LOP templates, innovative LOP examples, client reference videos, case studies, and codified tailored supporting materials for future client development. You will also work closely with leaders to help them bring their new knowledge to clients, and help shape the China consumer competitive strategy, build competitive intel, help codify/disseminate best practices from wins/losses.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=645185eb633df108,645185eb633df108,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Client Development Advisor,McKinsey & Company,"Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
7+ years of experience in consulting, with an emphasis on client development
Worked in a top management consulting firm for at least 5 years
Business development experience preferred
Fierce desire to be a critical team member in a rapidly growing business
Clear oral and written communication skills to present complex value propositions to client senior executives
Entrepreneurial spirit and a keen interest in building a significant customer base of the solution

WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our teams and leadership in the Southeast Asia offices, especially the Hanoi office.
McKinsey Hanoi is a entrepreneurial and growing office which provides deep research, benchmarking and consulting services to clients in multiple industry. Clients secure our expertise and data-driven insights to evaluate business line performance and to make operational improvements and product development decisions.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will leverage your network and expertise as well as your consultative sales skills to drive client development in Vietnam.
You will strive to understand client needs, and coordinate with partners and experts the our Southeast Asia offices to build programs for clients. You would help to centrally coordinate LOP processes from discussion through confirmation including connecting with experts to create initial LOP drafts, following up with clients to refine scope and approach, etc.
In this role you will identify and cultivate new prospects, in addition to maintaining a local client pipeline. You would play a key role in establishing McKinseys reputation as a credible consulting partner to local players.
Additionally, you'll have the opportunity to influence new products and offerings and contribute to specific product development efforts. Lastly, you will maintain current knowledge of industry trends and competitor offerings.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a576dddf1a3a36d5,a576dddf1a3a36d5,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Research Analyst - Healthcare Systems & Services,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-22,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in business administration or healthcare administration related fields
Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and quantitative skills
Experience conducting business or academic research
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience with statistical analysis of analyses of survey data
Ability to use, analyze and incorporate large data sets
Strong interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to work with teams
Proficiency with Excel, Word, Power Point and MS Access
Experience working with data analysis in SQL and R, a plus
Knowledge of the North American healthcare industry, a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Healthcare Systems & Services Practice (HSS) team and will be based in San Jose, Costa Rica.
McKinsey Healthcare Systems & Services fosters innovation driven by advanced analytics, user experience design thinking, predictive forecasting and new product development. We are a community of entrepreneurs within McKinsey dedicated to using technology to accelerate meaningful impact to our clients. Through self-service access to analytics and data, software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey. The team undertakes country and industry research to support high impact client engagements and our firm's knowledge development effort. The team is part of our knowledge network, which encompasses over 2,000 research and analytics colleagues globally.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will develop in-depth, distinctive, and innovative research and analyses, keep up to date with industry developments and help our consultants apply cutting-edge industry knowledge to client problem-solving.
In this role, you will assist client project teams by collecting, analyzing and synthesizing information within the healthcare sector, including the areas of health insurance, hospital systems, health benefits, and clinical metrics-all areas of US healthcare other than the pharmaceutical industry. You will support engagement teams with targeted information and analyses, and conduct short-term research in support of long-term projects. You will provide synthesis, analytical approaches and data-driven models to deliver insight within tight deadlines via client-ready end products. You will use a range of databases and sources to analyze trends in the healthcare market, applying knowledge of Excel, MS Access, and SQL
Additionally, you will develop effective knowledge sharing skills, build an extensive external network, and broaden your awareness of best practices in the healthcare industry.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0fb9e4cf0d194f31,0fb9e4cf0d194f31,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Quality, Compliance & Remediation Consultant Europe",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Professional work experience in developing and implementing quality and compliance concepts
Advanced graduate degree and excellent academic record required (e.g., masters, MBA, PhD, etc.)
Functional knowledge and experience in all areas of quality and/or compliance based on practical experience, including root-cause problem solving (e.g., PDCA, 8D, CAPA), quality gates, Six Sigma, CGMP regulation, and/or remediation
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Strong record of leadership in an academic, professional, or extracurricular setting
Mobile and excited to take on longer international assignments
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English and the local office language(s)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations Practice in Europe. Our Operations Practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients most critical problems.
McKinseys Quality, Compliance, and Remediation group is part of McKinseys Operations Practice and helps clients achieve significant and sustainable improvements in their quality performance and customer satisfaction. We design and conduct transformations in a variety of industries, from highly regulated industries, such as pharma, medical devices, and consumer goods, to advanced manufacturing industries, such as automotive and aerospace.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in teams of consultants as an expert, especially in the areas of engineering, manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance, or R&D, helping clients increase performance levels and develop and implement quality strategies.
You will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of quality and compliance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results. You will work in cross-functional teams contributing to other functional improvements, for example, in manufacturing, supply chain, product development, or procurement.
In addition to working directly with clients, you will also share your experience and insights with colleagues internationally, thereby expanding our knowledge and refining our approaches in the field of quality and compliance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=577ef9f95a60eef2,577ef9f95a60eef2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Specialist - Communications, Multi-Channel Content",McKinsey & Company,"Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree, preferably in communications or marketing with a strong academic record
5-7 years of relevant professional experience, preferably with exposure to professional services, operations, infrastructure or capital-intensive industries (i.e. manufacturing, energy, etc.)
Demonstrated impact in a communication, marketing, or PR agency setting
Proven results with multi-channel content and a strong track record of achieving results
Excellent writing skills, and ability to structure and develop compelling narratives
Experience developing and executing multi-channel thought leadership campaigns, with demonstrated results in multi-channel content such as social media, video, email newsletters, blogs, etc.
Experience directing team members with specialty skills (video editors, designers, etc.)
Team-oriented with a strong sense of commitment to team members and client impact
Experience working with senior executives on storyline, structure, and delivery of content
Experience tracking campaign results and deriving insights from data
Ability to coordinate across multiple stakeholders, including internal executives and colleagues across the firms Communications function
High level of drive and initiative; resourceful with an ability to work independently and manage communications projects end-to-end
Able to prioritize and complete multiple tasks with a sense of urgency, and a strong attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to work well with others, at all levels of the organization and located across global offices
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be part of the Operations practice, based ideally in Atlanta, Boston or Chicago. McKinseys Operations practice works with the most influential names in operations to transform their core business and build resilience. Throughout industries and entire value chains, we help clients drive productivity, powered by digital technologies like artificial intelligence, robotics, automation, and advanced analytics. Our service lines include manufacturing and supply chain; product development and procurement; service operations; and capital projects & infrastructure.
You will report to the Managing Editor for Operations publications and work closely with the global Operations external relations team. You will also work with Operations leaders and consultants, as well as firm communications colleagues, and other functional teams (IT, Legal, Risk, Recruiting, etc.).
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will contribute to the overall success of the Operations practice by extending our ability to share expertise and client impact in new formats and across channels.
With the ""eyes-and-ears"" of a journalist, and the latest thinking in digital format development and targeting strategies, you will work with the external relations team to create these new channels and identify high-value vehicles to ensure our insights reach priority audiences.
You will create approaches for sharing Operation's expertise in a variety of formats, including video, animation, social campaigns, client interviews, podcasts, and regular compendia / newsletters. You will work closely with the managing editor and external relations team to identify and prioritize themes, define a strategic approach. You will then work with consultants and Partners directly to bring campaigns to life.
In addition, you will be the team lead on multi-channel best practices, including metrics tracking, and bringing a new level of innovation to our approaches. You will also support the Managing Editor in major projects and campaigns, both regionally and globally.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=908524cb40f8a303,908524cb40f8a303,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Solution Delivery Analyst - Digital Opportunity Scan,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-21,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (i.e. Statistics, Mathematics, Econometrics, Operations Research)
Strong academic qualifications, including advanced understanding/coursework in database management and math (Linear, Algebra, Calculus)
2-9 years of hands-on experience developing and applying predictive models and other advanced statistical approaches in a corporate or consulting setting, preferably in a marketing and sales context
Proficiency in statistical data analysis and data mining packages (e.g., R, SAS, SPSS, Alteryx, MatLab, STATA, Excel)
Advanced knowledge of data management tools including SQL
Experience linking multiple data platforms (social media, open, etc) and with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau)
Experience with digital analytics (Next Product to buy, cross channel attribution modeling, digital analytic tools, dynamic ecommerce pricing, etc).
Intellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions
Ability to independently own database development and decisions, balancing demands and deadlines
Distinctive communications skills and ability to communicate technical content in an easy to understand way
Strong people skills, team-orientation, and a professional attitude
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Digital Opportunity Scan (DOS) team either Waltham, MA or San Francisco. CA. Our DOS team is a one-stop-shop for the firm that provides comprehensive digital performance benchmarking and a 360-degree view of online consumer footprint by combining in-house expertise and data from best-in-class providers.
DSI is a new solution within the DOS umbrella that leverages comprehensive Amazon transaction-level big data to power an intuitive web tool for McKinsey. The tool provides instant insights on pricing, merchandising, assortment, branding and other core marketing analysis with an objective of making our clients win on Amazon.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will collaborate with colleagues and clients to create new strategies across a wide platform of e-commerce projects, from pricing, assortment, promotions, marketing mix modeling, branding to analytic transformation.
In this role you will help to expand our current analytic capabilities and architect new strategies and applications within a dynamic innovative organization. You will be responsible for maintaining and developing our existing tools by giving expert inputs to developers who will act as per your suggestions.
You will drive processes for extracting and using that data in creative ways and create new lines of thinking within an infinite number of clients and situations, with an eye on optimizing every aspect of our clients marketing practices. In case of any hindrances to the process of extraction and analysis, you will work with technology solutions team to rectify those errors on a systematic basis.
Through the measurement, manipulation, reporting and dissemination of broad sets of data, you will create valuable, transformative business strategies. Youll apply and advise teams on the state-of-the-art advanced analytic and quantitative tools and modeling techniques to derive business insights, solve complex business problems and improve decisions.
At times, as a core member of the consulting team, youll conduct deep analytics on a broad set of client and external data and play a lead role in team problem solving through findings and insights from that analysis.
Youll also have the opportunity to lead and support the development of knowledge for our firms analytic group. You may do this by creating a roadmap for a greater understanding of analytics and its impact in the consulting population or by partnering with other analytic consultants to ensure timely and effective methods of the extraction, assembly and transfer of broad, complex sets of data.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53dbee489ba13883,53dbee489ba13883,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Compliance Manager - Cyber Risk,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-02-08,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in business or technology related field; masters degree preferred
7+ years of experience in cyber risk management, information security and information technology and/or analytics
Professional security management certification, such as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) or similar credentials
Knowledge of common information security management frameworks and past participation in both initial certification and renewal of one or more of the following, ISO/IEC 27001, SOC 2/SSAE 16, PCI DSS, etc.
Proven track record and experience in developing information security policies and procedures, as well as successfully executing programs that meet the objectives of excellence in a dynamic environment
Ability to monitor the control environment and ensure compliance against established policies, standards, and controls
Proven track record and experience working with relevant stakeholders to develop and implement operational enablers to monitor, prevent, and/or detect deviations from security policies
Ability to assess security areas, identify risk areas, propose and implement initiatives to address them
Subject matter expertise or in-depth experience of operating/securing in at least one of the following: network security, identity and access management, vulnerability management, cloud security, penetration testing or encryption management
Experience in defining, developing, and implementing key risk and performance indicators
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Dallas, Waltham or New York and will be a core member of the Cyber and Data Risk teams Assurance Program. This team is globally distributed across Prague, Costa Rica, New York, Waltham, Dallas, and San Francisco.
In this role, you will help lead us in the complexity of cyber risk and security compliance for our digital solutions and platforms, both in the U.S. and abroad. You will interact with engineering and operations teams, work closely and collaboratively with internal and external functions, partner with functional cells, and liaise with external agencies and other advisory bodies as necessary.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help to develop, implement, and monitor a strategic, comprehensive risk and control compliance program.
In this role, you will engage in overseeing compliance with laws and regulations and firm policies, working closely and collaboratively with both internal and external functions to ensure compliance with privacy regulations and rules. You will work directly with teams to facilitate security and privacy processes, and will work with Risk & Information Security to align security controls with business processes. You will interact with engineering and operations teams to ensure system designs and architectures meet the firms standards for information and risk management. You may be consulted as part of creating and managing information security and privacy awareness training programs for team members, contractors and approved system users as well.
You will lead the design, development, testing, and implementation of automation solutions to validate the design and operating effectiveness of cyber control and policy requirements. You will review existing policy and control requirements and identify ways for measuring compliance using automated capabilities. You will analyze and lead discussions around architectural options, ensuring all options are considered to ensure optimal deployment. You will be responsible for creating, designing and implementing the automated solutions, liaising with IT, security and other technical groups to ensure all infrastructure needs are met and fully implemented as necessary. You will develop actionable dashboards and provide regular reports to leadership highlighting key insights about the organizations cyber security position.
Lastly, you will liaise with external agencies and other advisory bodies as necessary, to ensure that the organization maintains strong security and risk program. You will provide guidance on security and privacy obligations needed and establish a plan on how to achieve them.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b0528431c76573c,6b0528431c76573c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Consultant - Purchasing, Operations",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree; Advanced degree or MBA is preferred
6+ years of global purchasing experience for large organizations, preferably in Automotive, IT/High-tech, Industrial/Consumer Goods, or Retail sector
Strong foundational knowledge of purchasing and strategic sourcing principles such as: TCO, supplier collaboration, design to cost, risk management, price leverage, organizational design, global sourcing, etc.
Experience assessing and driving transformational improvements across purchasing and sourcing organizations.
Experience in business strategy planning a plus
Proven leader with the ability to inspire others, build strong relationships, and create a true followership
Collaborative team player, capable of working well with others, but also autonomously with little direction
Superior analytical, quantitative and conceptual thinking
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Entrepreneurial and result-driven achiever
Bachelors degree, ideally in engineering field
Fluent English and Mandarin
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinseys Operations practice one of our Greater China offices. Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
McKinseys Purchasing & Supply Management Service Line is committed to helping clients transform their purchasing and supply management organizations as well as in operational problem-solving across the business enterprise. This often involves fundamentally changing the corporate organization and culture to embrace lasting change. Our teams mobilize the client by engaging with client teams led by their senior management and staffed by their top talent aggressively to pursue operational improvement.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll be a thought leader and skilled practitioner, focused on helping our clients transform their procurement organizations while simultaneously solving operational issues across the business enterprise.
In this client-facing role, youll play a key part in driving process improvement, delivering successful business results, and developing broad based strategies for a diverse set of clients. Examples of the type of work associated this role could include defining new organizational structures and processes by upgrading line and staff skills, changing the structure of reporting relationships, developing improved processes, and/or instituting rigorous performance-monitoring systems.
You will typically work in teams of 3  5 consultants, making an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations to present to clients. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members. In addition, you will work in cooperation with our worldwide network of consultants to shape McKinsey's thinking in this area, continuously developing your own knowledge, as well as that of the firm.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=df6aff44cb23616b,df6aff44cb23616b,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Operations Manager - Digital Capability Center Aachen,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Abgeschlossenes Studium (Bachelor oder Master) mit sehr gutem Abschluss
Erste relevante praktische Erfahrung, z.B. erworben durch Praktika, Werkstudententtigkeiten o..
Hintergrund in Operations/Produktion und generelles Interesse an Digitalisierungsthemen
Entrepreneurship und Projektmanagementfhigkeiten
Problemlsungskompetenzen und ausgeprgte soziale Kompetenz
ausgezeichnete mndliche und schriftliche Kommunikationsfhigkeiten in Englisch und Deutsch
Teamfhigkeit
Fhigkeit, stabile und authentische Beziehungen zu verschiedenen Funktionen, Sektoren und Klienten aufzubauen
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Das Digital Capability Center (DCC) Aachen ist eine hochmoderne Einrichtung fr erlebnisorientiertes Lernen, das McKinsey und ITA Academy GmbH zusammen mit fhrenden Technologieanbietern und innovativen Start-ups gegrndet haben. Das DCC Aachen veranschaulicht die Zukunft der digitalen Produktion und Lieferkette (Industrie 4.0) und vermittelt in ganzheitlichen Trainings digitale Fhigkeiten, die den Unternehmen zu einem positiven Ergebniseffekt verhelfen. An einer voll funktionsfhigen Fertigungslinie werden praktische Schulungen zu digitalen Prozessen durchgefhrt, in die moderne digitale und Analytics-Lsungen integriert werden, um den Lernprozess zu untersttzen. Das DCC Aachen bildet mit vier weiteren Digital Capability Centers in Peking, Chicago, Singapur und Venedig ein globales Netzwerk. Weitere Informationen zum DCC Aachen finden Sie unter folgendem Link: https://www.dcc-aachen.com.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Sie arbeiten eng mit dem Leader des Digital Capability Centers (DCC) Aachen am Ausbau des DCC.
Der Schwerpunkt dieser unternehmerischen Rolle liegt auf der Durchfhrung und Untersttzung von Klientenworkshops, der Entwicklung neuer Trainingsprogramme fr digitale Prozesse sowie der Weiterentwicklung des Operator-Teams, die fr den Erfolg von Klientenworkshops und des DCC selbst von entscheidender Bedeutung ist.
Sie sind integraler Bestandteil der erfolgreichen Workshopdurchfhrung und untersttzen bei der Moderation von Workshops im DCC Aachen, leiten Breakout-Gruppen im Rahmen von Klientenworkshops und arbeiten mit anderen Digital Capability Centers zusammen um Best Practices auszutauschen. Auerdem leiten Sie die Vor- und Nachbereitung von Klientenworkshops und den operativen Betrieb im DCC Aachen und sind erster Ansprechpartner bei Anfragen an das DCC. Sie kommunizieren bei der Vorbereitung der Workshops mit Beratungsteams und Klienten, um die relevantesten Inhalte in das Programm zu integrieren. Zudem stellen Sie sicher, dass das DCC und die Technologiepartner umfassend auf die jeweiligen Workshops vorbereitet sind und kmmern sich darum, dass die entsprechenden Rume, technologischen Anwendungen und Mitarbeiter bereitstehen. Des Weiteren arbeiten Sie an der Erstellung und Entwicklung des Workshopprogramms mit, indem Sie die Anforderungen des Klienten analysieren, um neue praktische Lernmodule und -programme zu entwickeln. Sie sorgen dafr, dass stets das aktuelle Know-how in das DCC-Programm einfliet und arbeiten eng mit den anderen vier DCCs in Peking, Chicago, Singapur und Venedig zusammen. Sie verwalten Updates des DCC-Produktions- und Technologieumfelds und bereiten die Mitarbeiter des DCC-Operator-Teams auf ihre Aufgaben bei den neuen Trainingsmodulen vor. Auerdem sind Sie verantwortlich fr die Weiterentwicklung und Leitung des DCC-Operator-Teams, das aus ca. zehn Mitarbeitern besteht, und managen den Recruiting-Prozess fr die Neueinstellung. Sie erstellen den Trainingsplan, berprfen die Fortschritte und das Kompetenzniveau der Mitarbeiter und zertifizieren die Qualitt der Trainings.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d016e3d41084a6fa,d016e3d41084a6fa,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Analyst - Operations Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree or above from top universities in computer sciences, engineering, mathematics, econometrics, statistics or a related degree program and achieved outstanding academic results
0-3 years work experience
Analytical thinker with the ablility to solve problems independently and creatively. Hands-on experience in coding solutions on realistic data analytics applications
Master of at least one of the following programming language, incl. R, Python, Java, etc. Experience with HTML5, JavaScript is a plus
Solid knowledge and experience in data mining, machine learning, statistics, optimization. Experience with deep learning is a plus
Good people skills, team orientation, quality-oriented, highly committed and professional
Excellent communication skills in English and Mandarin (both oral and written)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Analytics group in Shanghai to deliver significant, measurable impact for our clients using complex data and advanced modeling. The Analytics group works with McKinsey consulting teams to carry out complex data analysis, visualization and modeling, and it creates foundations for sound recommendations for client studies and internal projects.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As an expert in analysis and methodology, you will support our consultants and clients in a variety of industries by creating complex mathematical models.
In this role you will clean large data sets, conduct statistical analyses and develop analytics models in Python, R and Excel. Your work will be project oriented, and you will often be responsible for the entire analytical process  from task definition to the implementation and interpretation of results to the delivery to the client. In dialogues with McKinsey consultants and with clients, you will discuss your results constructively, in continuous search of the best possible solution. You will work in both the Shanghai office and on-site with clients.
Your work is multifaceted and exciting, and you will gain insights into many industries and into management topics. In project work and in exchanges with colleagues, you will deal with new intellectual challenges daily as well as build your industry and knowledge of methodology on an ongoing basis.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=814ce3ed3e82c906,814ce3ed3e82c906,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Compensation Analyst (m/w/d),McKinsey & Company,"Dallas, TX 75201",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben einen Hochschulabschluss, idealerweise mit Schwerpunkt auf Personal und/oder Mathematik. Sie besitzen erste relevante Berufserfahrung in den Bereichen Personal und/oder Vergtung.
Sie sprechen und schreiben stilistisch einwandfreies Deutsch und beherrschen die englische Sprache sehr gut in Wort und Schrift.
Sie verfgen ber hervorragende Kenntnisse in Excel, PowerPoint und Word.
Sie haben Organisationstalent, sind flexibel und arbeiten selbststndig, zielstrebig, sorgfltig und absolut zuverlssig.
Sie identifizieren sich mit Ihren Aufgaben und handeln jederzeit vorausschauend, verantwortungsbewusst und vertrauenswrdig.
Sie sind belastbar und behalten auch unter Zeitdruck und in hektischen Situationen einen khlen Kopf.
Kommunikationsstrke und Kontaktfreude sowie ein freundliches und professionelles Auftreten zeichnen Sie aus.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Unser Name steht seit mehr als 90 Jahren fr exzellente Topmanagement-Beratung in aller Welt. Wir untersttzen Unternehmen und Institutionen aus dem privaten, ffentlichen und sozialen Sektor bei ihren wichtigsten Vernderungen  in partnerschaftlicher und enger Zusammenarbeit. Unser Ziel ist es, die Leistungsfhigkeit unserer Klienten signifikant zu verbessern und fr auergewhnliche Menschen ein auergewhnliches Berufsumfeld zu schaffen.
Wir suchen Sie fr unser Bro in Dsseldorf zum nchstmglichen Zeitpunkt als.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Sie werden Mitglied von McKinseys Global Compensation Function (GCF) in unserem Bro in Dsseldorf, einem unserer zentralen Standorte weltweit fr die GCF. Sie wurde im Jahr 2017 gegrndet mit dem Ziel, innerhalb von McKinsey weltweit einheitliche Vergtungsstandards zu etablieren, die jedoch lnderspezifische Besonderheiten bercksichtigen.
Innerhalb von unserer GCF werden Sie sich auf die Vergtung fr verschiedene Karrierepfade unserer Consultants fokussieren, um Vergtungsmodelle zu entwickeln und weltweit zu implementieren. Sie werden eng mit Kollegen und Kolleginnen in unseren internationalen Bros zusammenarbeiten, die jeweils lnderspezifische Experten fr Vergtung sind.
Sie untersttzen bei der Entwicklung von Vergtungsmodellen durch Analyse und Bewertung der Auswirkungen von nderungen fr Einzelpersonen oder grere Gruppen von Consultants. In Zusammenarbeit mit Kollegen in unseren Lnderorganisationen sowie in HR und Personalentwicklung gestalten Sie Implementierungsplne. Dazu gehrt auch das Einholen von Feedback verschiedener Stakeholder-Gruppen. Auch die Analyse von Vergtungsdaten als Grundlage fr die Bewertung des Vergtungsniveaus von Einzelpersonen oder grerer Gruppen im Vergleich zu Zielniveaus gehrt zu Ihren Aufgaben. Zustzlich arbeiten Sie an Projekten im Rahmen einer globalen Initiative zur Digitalisierung der Vergtungsprozesse innerhalb von McKinsey mit.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=113da4fb95d94f6a,113da4fb95d94f6a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Fellow - Advanced Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree preferred (MS, MA) in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, economics, operations research
3+ years of professional experience working with large data sets and using analytics to drive business results ideally in financial services related industry (e.g., banking and securities, asset management, insurance)
Experience working in/with enterprise class data environments to access, manipulate and analyze large data sets
Significant experience using statistical software packages such as SAS, STATA, SPSS, R and data query languages such as SQL
Sound knowledge and application of techniques such as cluster analysis, linear regression, logistic regression, CHAID, market basket analysis, etc.
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English and the local office language(s)
Willingness to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in Shanghai and will work with our Greater China Region Risk Advanced Analytics team (RAA) on Risk Analytics. Our Risk Practice supports clients in many different industries facing challenges of developing and implementing tailored concepts for risk recognition, measurement, and control. You also have the opportunity to work with clients outside of the China Region
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will complete targeted quantitative analyses and build components of advanced models across the spectrum of Rrsk management, including prospecting, underwriting, portfolio monitoring, pricing, asset evaluation and loss mitigation.
In this role youll work on client projects as an integral part of engagement teams and will also contribute to internal knowledge development initiatives. Youll disaggregate and structure complex, often ambiguous, business problems and evaluate different analytical approaches to develop potential solutions. You will apply advanced analytic and quantitative tools, statistical modeling techniques, and data mining procedures to derive business insights and solve complex business problems.
Further, you will develop components of statistical models writing and developing scripts (e.g., SAS scripts) to improve Risk management decision making (e.g., underwriting models). You will be expected to contribute to team problem solving through the findings and insights from your analysis and help facilitate data integration and management between clients and McKinsey. Ultimately, you will contribute to the development of knowledge for the analytic group at large.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c36e06ce6bb91910,c36e06ce6bb91910,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Coach - Manufacturing,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum 5 years of experience in operations, with a distinctive record of achievement or expertise in one or more of the following areas: manufacturing, quality, electric power generation, energy efficiency; Chemical, Oil&Gas industry experience preferredExtensive experience in rolling out implementation on a large-scale and project managementKnowledge of Production Systems/Lean/6 Sigma/etc., would be an advantageBachelors degree, and preferably an advanced degree, from a reputable institutionSuperior problem solving and analytical skillsA willingness to roll up your sleeves and work at all levels of a client organizationExtensive experiences in rolling out and managing large-scale implementation projectsComfort with extensive travel (4-5 days a week)Strong persuasive communication ability for both written and verbal in Mandarin and English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in either our Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hong Kong or Taipei locations. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Your focus would likely be in projects involving operations management and process redesign. Implementation consultants work directly with client leaders and front-line operators on topics where implementation issues are important and where driving change is critical to successful realization of goals.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9f58b1151d015602,9f58b1151d015602,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Client Development Advisor - Federal Civilian Agencies,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree; Graduate education is preferred but not required
10+ years of professional experience in business development, capture management, and proposal delivery in the Federal Civilian Agency market; preference for candidates who have worked at large professional services firms
Full and deep understanding of the Federal Civilian government market, corresponding government procurement process, how such procurement decisions are made and how to maximize the chance of securing new contracts
Ability to interact collaboratively with consultants and operate as an integral member of client service teams and to build consensus for his or her ideas and help lead without formal line authority
Proven strategic and analytical thinking skills
Strong experience in client service; successful track record developing client relationships within Federal Civilian Agencies
Focus on entrepreneurial approaches; ability and desire to initiate the identification and pursuit of innovative ideas
Excellent writing and editorial skills
Ability to obtain security clearance, which U.S. Government regulations restrict to US citizens solely
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in our Washington, D.C. office with our Public & Social Sector Practice (PSSP). You will work with colleagues to help expand our client impact profile with Federal Civilian Agencies such as Department of Commerce, financial regulatory agencies (e.g. FDIC, SEC), Department of State, Department of Transportation, and/or the Department of the Treasury.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work closely with client team leaders and consultants serving Federal Civilian Agencies to expand the firms impact within relevant markets by playing a key role in generating new engagements.
We call this process client development. In the Public Sector, we can break this process into three phases: 1) Business development, which includes all activities that occur before a client organization has decided internally to move ahead with a consulting engagement on a given topic, 2) Capture management, which begins once an opportunity has been qualified and ends with the formal award decision, and 3) Proposal delivery, which typically starts with the Request for Proposal/Quote (RFP/Q) release and ends upon proposal submission. You will have responsibilities across all three of these areas, as an individual contributor and key catalyst for collaboration with Public & Social Sector Practice (PSSP) leaders and associates.
Business development will compose a significant portion of your effort, and examples of what youll do in this phase include establishing relationships with procurement professionals in target client organizations, advising PSSP leaders about whether and how to pursue opportunities, and working with client service teams (CSTs) to construct comprehensive client account plans and manage the client opportunity pipeline. Other examples include:
Support CSTs in the development of written materials for client development discussions
Establish relationships with other consultancies and contractors with whom McKinsey might partner in service to the government, focusing especially on organizations that have a) established contract vehicles at target clients; b) complimentary skills and capabilities that the government may require; and c) organizations that are classified as certified small businesses and other team partners as required
Educate client procurement professionals and potential partners about McKinseys capabilities
Attend conferences and industry days where Public Sector contracting opportunities might be discussed
Gather intelligence about upcoming procurements for which McKinsey might be well suited to compete
Serve as a thought partner to the CSTs about the growth strategy for impact opportunities at target clients
Make recommendations to CST leaders about how a team could market itself more effectively and lead select marketing efforts
In the capture management phase, examples of what youll do include providing market research input into procurements in a compliant manner as they are being formed to ensure the government is clear about their requirements and will be able to procure the kind of assistance they require, making recommendations to PSSP leaders and personnel about how they can gather useful information about emerging procurements, identifying partners with whom McKinsey could team for emerging procurements and finalize teaming agreements, and developing opportunity-specific competitive intelligence analysis, along with relative strengths and weaknesses of competitors.
In the proposal delivery phase, examples of what you'll do include understanding the objectives and requirements of the RFP and formulating a view about what it will take to win the procurement, collaborating with team members to ensure key aspects of client intimacy resonate through the proposal, and creating workplans and aligning resources to draft high-quality proposals on time. Other examples include:
Write select elements of proposals
Help identify relevant internal and external resources that can be used in the proposal, including managing the relevant proposal repository
Review proposals at different stages of the drafting process, and help the drafting team make course corrections where necessary, including challenging the proposal team and PSSP partners when appropriate
Conduct final compliance and quality review before proposals are submitted
Help the PSSP partners and consultants to prepare for oral presentations, including counseling colleagues on their objectives during the oral presentations and providing feedback on rehearsals
Work with PSSP partners and contracting specialists to negotiate contract terms after McKinsey wins procurements
After McKinsey wins or loses procurements, conduct debrief sessions with internal and client personnel, to identify opportunities for the PSSP to improve",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a0583f33f541332,9a0583f33f541332,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Multimedia and Interactive Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree or higher, in area of special effects, animation or interaction design
Professional experience in a corporate or design agency environment, with at least
6 years experience in a creative role
Expert-level knowledge of animation and video-editing software (e.g., Adobe Premiere, After Effects and Audition)
Strong understanding of interaction design to create user experiences
Experience in designing and developing a range of digital formats, including using code libraries to implement Java script, experience in creating interactive frameworks and ability to use multimedia development platforms
Strong skills in shooting video and directing video shoots, including in-depth understanding of camera, lighting and sound equipment
Knowledge of 3D production which can be integrated within a mix of media platforms
Ability to work well with diverse project teams, comfortable with and energised by planning and managing multiple projects in parallel
Strong organisational, interpersonal and communication skills, ability to work independently and strong problem-solving skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with the Sydney Design Studio team in identifying appropriate media for communications, with a focus on multimedia and interactivity.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be responsible for creating and managing impactful visual communications materials for clients and for internal and external projects.
You will support projects from the initial briefing, through concept design to final end-product realisation, acting as a thought partner with teams to co-create/concepts to best support their communication goals.
You will also be responsible in developing video and animation projects via story boarding and scripting, graphics and interaction ideas, and use multimedia tools to create interactive content that excites and explains.
Additionally, you will help analyse, design and develop plans to create interactive content for display in our immersive Experience Studio learning space, supported by the latest collaborative technology.
You will have the opportunity to design and develop a range of digital formats, including HTML & CSS coding for websites and HTML newsletters, and you will also assist on regular video shoots, by setting-up and operating camera equipment, based on working knowledge of 3-point lighting, framing shots and aesthetics.
#LI-POST",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52dce25709d3150a,52dce25709d3150a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Service Operations Implementation Associate,McKinsey & Company,"Stamford, CT 06902 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree (advanced degree preferred)
5 years work experience setting up or operating a shared service center in the following areas: finance, human resources, IT, or procurement,preferably in financial services
Experience in leading large implementation programs crossing multiple functions
Knowledge of continuous improvement tools and techniques is strongly preferred
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfort with extensive travel
Experience with IT solutions and IT supported planning methods
Experience with web based solutions, mobile application development and integrated business planning, Always On preferred but not required
Digital transformation of end-to-end journeys at scale, using multiple levers/ technologies in a cohesive way. Examples include digitization, advanced analytics, robotics, artificial intelligence, etc.. Transformations rooted in agile way of working.
Deep understanding of technology (ie. understands the process of coding and the technology that goes with it)
Fluency in agile way of working and direct experience of the same
Experience in delivery of large scale digital
Experience designing solutions/ business processes/ operating models
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
Part of our Service Operations group, Corporate & Business Functions is a critical component delivering deep benchmarking and implementation capabilities with cross-cutting foundation capabilities to deliver significant and sustainable cost impact. Corporate and business functionssuch as finance, human resources, IT, procurement, legal, and facilities managementrepresent a significant investment for companies and are essential to almost every organization.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Your primary long-term projects will be closely related to our traditional projects and will provide clients with decisive support in the introduction and implementation of strategic consulting concepts in Corporate & Business Functions.
You will engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small McKinsey teams, but often working with many clients, to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results with an aim to ensure those results will be sustained. Our work is about coaching and delivering lasting outcomes. For more information about McKinsey Implementation, please visit http://www.mckinsey.com/client_service/implementation.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=edfd67f3acf61a3c,edfd67f3acf61a3c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Associate - Supply Chain Management,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
5-15 years of work experience in supply chain management, logistics, planning and warehouse management
Evidence of a distinctive career trajectory and/or academic record of achievement. (Please attach academic transcripts with application).
Interest in network design, sales and operations planning, inventory, or physical flow management
Experience in consumer, retail, e-tailer, automotive industry an advantage (but not essential)
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to translate analysis into recommendations
Extensive project management and large scale implementation roll out experience
Experience in managing key transformation factors (performance management systems, mindsets and behaviours)
Willingness to roll up your sleeves and work at all levels of a client organization
MBA or other graduate level degree preferred, but not required
Comfort with extensive travel in Australia (4-5 days a week)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in Australia as part of McKinsey Implementation (MI)  a rapidly growing capability for our firm. The Australian group has offices in Perth, Melbourne, and Sydney, however our work is national with travel to our clients sites. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
Our Supply Chain Management service line helps leading companies in all industries develop and implement future-oriented logistics strategies. We do this by making significant improvements in customer service while reducing invested capital and cost by transforming and optimizing their supply chains from end to end.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
You will be responsible for leading clients through these operational improvements and large scale business transformations. As a thought leader and a subject matter expert, you will provide practical recommendations to team discussions on the implications of analysis, identifying implementation challenges.
Specifically, you will manage change initiatives and implementation projects by tracking metrics, and handling complex analyses, whilst also preparing communications to report back to client and internal leadership. You will work side by side with the client on each engagement, facilitating working sessions with front-line sales teams and supervisors, motivating and coaching the client team to helping to tackle key operational challenges.
Interested candidates should submit a resume AND a detailed cover letter which outlines your recent experience working on business transformation and/or implementation initiatives as well as your skills in leadership and coaching of operational teams (please keep CV's to a maximum of 5 pages).",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b2301404b6293e6e,b2301404b6293e6e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Accountant - Project Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree and excellent academic record required
Advanced degree preferred
Minimum of 3 years experience in similar environment
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Ability to communicate effectively - both verbally and in writing - in English as well as French
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Paris office as part of our Finance and Accounting department.
You will work directly with Finance managers, client service team leaders, and colleagues within client finance and across several administrative functions within the firm.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support client service teams and the office with managing the economics of our client engagements throughout the full engagement life-cycle.
This includes reviewing client engagements for appropriate budget and setup, monthly monitoring of revenue, fees and expenses and billing/accounts receivable. You will also analyze and provide reasoning for variances, forecast, and make appropriate recommendations. You will participate in all month end activities related to client engagements, both for management and statutory books.
You will also use financial reporting systems to create, manage and distribute regular monthly financial reports for office/function and effectively communicate results to office/function leaders. You will maintain relevant financial databases and data systems, and you'll also ensure compliance with our firm finance policies.
Additionally, you will respond to colleagues inquiries on financial policies and tools (e.g., expense reporting tool); provide training on relevant tools, as appropriate. You will serve as liaison between local administrative personnel and shared service centers, as appropriate, and you'll provide ad-hoc analyses and regional/global special project support as needed.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=45fd369c3f6358cb,45fd369c3f6358cb,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Senior Specialist, IT Operations - Wintel",McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject
6+ years of working experience
4-5 years of experience managing a globally distributed Windows server environment, supporting business critical applications
Strong technical expertise and hands-on support experience with Windows (Windows 2008, 2012), Active Directory, Strong Windows Clustering knowledge
Good understanding of enterprise server hardware from Dell, HP, Cisco
Experience with host security (e.g. passwords, uids/gids, ACLs, file permission, file system intergrity)
Strong working knowledge of Xenapp and XenDesktop
Familiarity with data center operations best practices, ideally in a virtualized environment (VMWare, storage systems)
Relevant MCSE/VCP certificationsTechnical knowledge of Nagios monitoring and Altiris\SCCM software distribution, storage concepts and Symantec security solutions
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in our Gurgaon office and will be a part of our Wintel Team. You will provide administration and technical support globally.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide administration and second level technical support for Windows Server, Active Directory Environments and related systems.
You will do this for security protection, monitoring and software distributions for our clients and colleagues. You will work in a collaborative style and will often need to lean in to help others when workloads are high. You will help create new aspects in the field of Technology and Innovation.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e82a8508b33d638,4e82a8508b33d638,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Partner Assistant (m/w/d),McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben nach dem Abitur eine kaufmnnische, sekretariats- oder hotelleriebezogene Ausbildung absolviert oder eine fremdsprachlich geprgte kaufmnnische Weiterbildung abgeschlossen. Gegebenenfalls verfgen Sie ber erste Berufserfahrung.
Sie schreiben stilistisch einwandfreies Deutsch und beherrschen die englische Sprache sehr gut in Wort und Schrift.
Sie haben Organisationstalent, sind flexibel und arbeiten selbststndig, zielstrebig, sorgfltig und absolut zuverlssig.
Sie identifizieren sich mit Ihren Aufgaben und handeln jederzeit vorausschauend, verantwortungsbewusst und vertrauenswrdig.
Sie sind belastbar und behalten auch unter Zeitdruck und in hektischen Situationen einen khlen Kopf.
Kommunikationsstrke und Kontaktfreude sowie ein freundliches und gepflegtes Auftreten zeichnen Sie aus.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Unser Name steht seit ber 80 Jahren fr Topmanagement-Consulting. Wir beraten die Fhrungsspitzen von Grounternehmen, staatlichen und ffentlichen Institutionen und untersttzen innovative und schnell wachsende junge Firmen. Allein in Deutschland setzen sich rund 2.300 Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeiter dafr ein, die Leistungsfhigkeit der von uns beratenen Unternehmen und Einrichtungen sprbar und dauerhaft zu verbessern.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
In der zentralen Rolle einer/eines Management Assistant sind umfangreiche Fhigkeiten und eine souverne Persnlichkeit gefragt. Als rechte Hand Ihres Vorgesetzten bernehmen Sie die Terminplanung, buchen alle Reisen und untersttzen verantwortungsvoll und vorausschauend das Tagesgeschft. Sie organisieren Meetings, Telefon- und Videokonferenzen, fhren die (E-Mail-)Korrespondenz auf Deutsch und Englisch, redigieren Texte und Prsentationen. Da die Berater unseres Hauses in der Regel unterwegs sind, fungieren Sie als zuverlssige und souverne Schnittstelle im Team, sind aber auch in der Lage, eigenstndig Entscheidungen zu treffen. Das Wissen um Ihre vertrauensvolle Position verbinden Sie mit sehr guten Kommunikationsfhigkeiten und Freude an der Dienstleistung.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=757698d6561898d3,757698d6561898d3,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Agile Coach,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent subject
Minimum 8+ years of working experience in Agile methodologies
Deep understanding of Agile values and principles
In-depth experience systemizing fit-for-purpose agile ceremonies across teams and coaching leaders on agile values, design thinking, customer value, product management, etc.
Working experience on training individuals and teams in (product management, design thinking, lean, and Agile)
Working knowledge and experience with several Agile methodologies: SCRUM, XP, Kanban, SAFe and fluid
Experience driving proven impact within large-scale agile transformations
Outstanding interpersonal, problem-solving and communications skills (written, verbal, and non-verbal)
Strong working knowledge of technical engineering best practices (e.g, test-driven development, continuous integration, DevOps, etc.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join us in Prague, The Czech Republic as part of our Technology & Digital (T&D) team.This team of experts and coaches are adept at helping organizations become better at solving complex problems, combining business insight with world-class agile development practices.
You will work closely with our agile transformation program team to enhance agility across our Technology and Digital (T&D) function. Youll work with T&D leaders, McKinsey business sponsors & stakeholders, and global product and service teams to help teams deliver breakthrough digital products and services and continuously improve.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Your responsibilities will range from nurturing agility in our teams to shaping our broader transformation at an organizational level, working across products and services for various functional and business domains.
You will influence the overall strategic direction of the organization by focusing teams on customer value and have the opportunity to coach the leaders and teams on a variety of agile related topics including product management, design thinking, lean, engineering culture, and DevOps.
Additionally, you'll guide definitions of metrics, business drivers, and areas of strategic investment within the portfolio; Coach and advise leaders to embrace the right mindset and become catalysts to culture change.
While working with the leaders, you will define and refine a governance approach that balances cohesion with a strong bias for team empowerment while anticipating and identifying systematic impediments and works with respective owners to resolve these for the smooth functioning of the portfolio.
You will also develop the organization's proficiency with agile roles and practices through workshop facilitation; 1:1 coaching; mentoring; and advising on the work across teams to optimize the flow of value to end users.
Monitoring the team outcomes and dynamics while coaching teams on improving performance and agile maturity is a large part of your role. With Agile Chapter, creating and continuously improving org-wide artifacts for an agile way of working (e.g. standards, playbooks) will be important.
As a coach, you will be looked at as a mentor who enables fellow coaches to develop their coaching capabilities
and help them grow in their expected roles by exhibiting thought leadership by participating in internal/ external forums in agile communities and building followership within the organization.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8dfff98c2966e011,8dfff98c2966e011,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Security Operations Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in an information technology discipline or equivalent IT experience.
2 years Experience in Security incident response for AWS cloud, on-prem infrastructure devices & endpoints
Ability to create and maintain high-quality documentation (procedures, process diagrams, learning material)
Ability to create regular reports and conduct ad-hoc analyses of operations data
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Gurgaon and will be a part of the Information Security Operation Center (iSOC) team. This group provides support for the operational security of McKinsey's IT infrastructure, including alert triage, event monitoring and case management, incident analyses and response, and reporting.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be responsible for developing and maintaining technical documents such as documentation of operations procedures and processes, learning material, etc.
In this role you will be incorporating feedback and improvement suggestions to the documentation as received from the various security operations functions. You will also be developing regular reports shared by the iSOC and conducting analysis and incident response of security incidents related to McKinsey on-prem and Cloud infrastructure.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3d9856d7aff4892a,3d9856d7aff4892a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Software Architect,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's/Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject
8+ years of IT experience with 6+ years of hands-on experience in large-scale application/system/platform/integration architectures
Proven strong technical architecture and design skills in Java, Spring Boot, JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux
Deep understanding of Enterprise Search technologies
Experience with Micro service based architecture and containerization technologies such as docker
Experience with build tools such as Jenkins, Gradle, Maven, SonarQube, etc.
Should possess sound knowledge on IT Application architecture, Design methodologies across multiple platforms
Should have good grip on non-functional areas like performance, scalability studies, human interaction, software ergonomics
Deep understanding of Secure coding practices
Experiences of code refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Advanced understanding of algorithms, data structures, performance optimization strategies and best practices
Knowledge of agile software development process
Provide thought leadership to the senior leaders for the direction of the overall product portfolio and how to manage and evolve our architectures Ability to work with multiple teams to provide technical guidance and oversight
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions
Distinct customer focus and quality mindset
Excellent interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
Ability to work under pressure with a solid sense for setting priorities
Comfortable working in a team based and collaborative environment
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be a core member of the Technology & Digital team working out of our New York Service Center. Technology & Digital function provides for all of the firms internal software development needs. The goal is to provide McKinseys business thought leaders the tools and knowledge they need as they work with clients around the globe.
You will be working closely with the global product teams. Your goal is to design and maintain a best in class software products that provides users a simplified and user-centric experience that is useful, engaging and drives impact for them and the firm. Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional enterprise software products. Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group and enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a key contributor on global product development team and will be responsible for the overall technical architecture, design and delivery of one or more products.
You will provide thought leadership to the senior leaders for the direction of the overall products you are responsible for and how to manage and evolve our architectures. In this role you will work with multiple teams to provide technical guidance, oversight and identify industry best practices in architecture and apply them in a way that is tailored to be relevant for our business.
You will be an active learner: tinkering with new open source libraries, using unfamiliar technologies and inclination to continuous research inside and outside the current focus fields. You will provide leadership in the development and strategic direction of new products, processes, technologies. On a daily basis you will use your passion and knowledge about secure coding practices, code quality and good engineering practices such as test-driven development, simple code, automated testing and deployments, continuous integration and continuous deployment. You will provide ongoing coaching and mentoring to the architects and technical leads to improve our organizational capability.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bb44682cd6f5ed59,bb44682cd6f5ed59,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Software Architect Manager,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
7-10 years of experience in software development
Strong application development knowledge of any of the following technologies: XML, Javascript, Oracle, MySQL, Ruby on Rails, .Net, Java, UNIX, HTML, CSS, Perl, or PHP
Engineering practice experience such as code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Knowledge of Agile software development process
Familiarity with testing frameworks such as RSpec, JUnit or Selenium
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Willingness to travel 80% of the time
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinsey Digital in one of our Latin America offices.
Digital brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm. Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work collaboratively in small teams and iteratively through design and development to deliver fully functioning web-based and mobile applications.
In this role, you will employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. You will help combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.
You will be a core member of the team with responsibilities that range from driving the architecture design and technology decisions for shaping the next generation products for various internal teams to ensuring that we stay on the leading edge of technology.
You will also be responsible for leading multiple development teams while delivering best in class enterprise grade software solutions across a breadth of different platform and technologies.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7e4ed1bee569e89e,7e4ed1bee569e89e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Manager - Category Management & Assortment,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
5-10 years of experience in the field of consulting, business intelligence and/or software deployment with B2B or consumer sector experience
Bachelor's degree; masters degree or MBA preferred
Proven track record of running large programs with multiple implementations and/or solution deployments in both waterfall/agile environments (experience in a Marketing & Sales environment is a plus)
Prior experience in category management or product assortment within retail or CPG preferred, not required
Experience working with large databases, data visualization tools and statistics is preferred
Adept at managing key stakeholders (Client & Internal) and able to drive change in the organization
Experience overseeing the work of project teams and tracking key performance indicators, such as budgets, KPIs, team health, etc.
Entrepreneurial and collaborative nature working across different continents/time-zones
Ability to travel 50-70% on a monthly basis
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Periscope team in North America and will be part of our Marketing & Sales practice.
The Marketing & Sales practice strives to help clients in both consumer and business-to-business environments on a wide variety of marketing and sales topics. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM, pricing, and sales and channel management. Our practice offers an exceptional opportunity to work at the intersection of marketing, sales and consulting. Focusing on issues like redefining marketing and sales operations and commercial transformation, our people help clients build capabilities and transform how companies go to market - moving them to customer centric organizations.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training.
It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 27 locations across 16 countries with a team of 700+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll shape and successfully drive the delivery of large programs or portfolio of projects from end to end, working closely with our Marketing & Sales client service leadership team in the Americas as well as McKinsey consultants.
You will be responsible for the teams development, growth, on-boarding and recruiting initiative. You'll leverage our Marketing & Sales teams, expertise, and firm assets to serve clients and create sustainable impact. You'll do so by shaping and delivering a portfolio of projects across different stages of their life-cycle.
You'll drive as well as contribute to problem-solving sessions with project teams, client representatives as well as McKinsey consultants on a regular basis. When necessary, you will also serve as the escalation point for all three groups.
Additionally, you'll work very closely with the Heads of Client Service Delivery in the Americas and Head of Client Success to drive process improvements in the organization by implementing and rolling out project management best practices.
You will also be an evangelist for strong project management discipline in the Client Service organization overall, leading by example and coaching colleagues on such things as budget management, work plan development, risk management/mitigation and ongoing project governance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=446c80ff07927b0a,446c80ff07927b0a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Research Intern (m/f/d) - Insurance,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben mindestens die Hlfte Ihres Bachelorstudiums an einer Hochschule im Bereich Wirtschaftswissenschaften mit Schwerpunkt Versicherungsbetriebslehre.Sie besitzen ausgeprgte analytische Fhigkeiten, hohe Einsatzbereitschaft, Teamgeist und Eigeninitiative.Erste praktische Erfahrungen im Versicherungsbereich konnten Sie bereits durch Ausbildung oder Praktika sammeln.Sie verfgen ber ausgezeichnete kommunikative Fhigkeiten in Wort und Schrift  sowohl in deutscher als auch in englischer Sprache.Sie mchten sich fr mindestens drei Monate bei uns engagieren, gern auch lnger.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Panorama Financial Institutional Insights & Consulting (PFIC) von McKinsey & Company ist ein weltweites Research-Netzwerk von Analysten, das Informationen und Analysen fr unsere Studien bei fhrenden Banken, Asset Managers und Versicherungen bereitstellt. Das Spektrum der Aufgaben reicht von der kurzfristigen Informationsrecherche ber komplexe Analysen bis zur langfristigen Projektuntersttzung. Mchten Sie als ambitionierte/r Student/in oder Absolvent/in in unserem Team mitarbeiten und dieses Arbeitsfeld nher kennen lernen? In unserem Frankfurter Bro bieten wir Ihnen dazu ein mehrmonatiges Praktikum im Research  Insurance.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Im Rahmen eines attraktiv vergteten Praktikums werden Sie Teil eines international arbeitenden Teams und lernen die spannenden Aufgaben eines Marktanalysten im Versicherungssektor kennen. Sie untersttzen unsere Beraterteams mit Informationen und anspruchsvollen Analysen. Dabei arbeiten Sie tglich mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen im In- und Ausland zusammen. Sie entwickeln quantitative Modelle in Excel und erstellen PowerPoint-Schaubilder und Prsentationen zu Marktsituationen und -entwicklungen. Bewerben Sie sich jetzt und werden Sie Teil eines auergewhnlichen Teams!",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b71465bb9d8bf810,b71465bb9d8bf810,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Technical Lead - Periscope,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent area
6-10 years of experience in software development building complex enterprise systems that involve large scale data processing
Broad experience across the following application development technologies and in-depth skills with at least one: Spark/Scala, C#, Go Lang
Hands-on experience with databases like PostgreSQL or MSSQL is required
Knowledge of document stores like Elasticsearch or MongoDB is desirable
Hands-on experience with Big Data processing technologies like Hadoop/Spark is required
Strong cloud infrastructure experience with AWS or Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Experience with container technologies like Docker, Kubernetes
Experiences of engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Knowledge of Agile software development process
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in Bangalore and will be a member of Periscopes technology team. Periscope is the asset based arm of McKinseys Marketing & Sales practice and is at the leading edge of the new ways we serve clients. This integrated model of serving clients, i.e. combining our generalist consulting approaches with the solutions, is a proof of the Firms commitment to continour innovation in the spirit of bringing the best of the Firm to our clients.
Founded in 2007, Periscope By McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 26 locations across 16 countries with a team of 600+ business and IT professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
McKinseys asset-enabled consulting model fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and making them an integral part of our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for  and expands our investment in  our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a core member of Periscopes technology team working on our core enterprise products.
In this role you will be involved in leading software development projects. Your expertise will expand into database design, core middle tier modules, performance tuning, cloud technologies, DevOps and continuous delivery domains. You will create Low level design to address both functional and non-functional requirements. On a typical day, you will be coding and implementing designs.
As a Technical Lead, you will review codes and perform tests to ensure highest standard. You will also be documenting technical implementations. You will work on new open source libraries. You will get an opportunity to work on unfamiliar technologies and learn new programming languages in your spare time. You will have good understanding of key agile engineering practices to guide teams on improvement opportunities in their engineering practices.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65adf12cd20675f2,65adf12cd20675f2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,User Research Lead,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
BS or MS in Interaction Design, Cognitive Science, HCI, Anthropology, Psychology, or equivalent experience
Minimum 3+ years of experience planning, conducting, and communicating the findings from user research for digital products and services (familiarity with an Enterprise setting is a plus)
Experience planning and conducting both quantitative and qualitative user research at all stages of product development
Ability to frame key questions, create research plans to address those, conduct research, and synthesize the findings into meaningful, actionable insights
Ability to design and conduct user testing and concept validation - i.e. identify potential solution options for a stated user need and design experiments that help elicit the most viable solution for users
Deep understanding of digital product lifecycle; comfort working with designers, technical & business teams; deep knowledge of an array of research methodologies
Solid knowledge of and experience with Agile software development
Strong communication skills including written, verbal and presentation, with ability to articulate and optimize design based on the value to the user and the business
Strong collaboration  you partner well with others to solve problems and actively incorporate input from various sources; experience working with others on a global basis
Ability to navigate multiple stakeholder groups and influence others
Passionate about creating value through great design and user experience
Ability to structure ambiguous problems and define tasks needed to bring clarity
Experience in managing communications with users and stakeholders
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join us in Prague to work within our Technology & Digital function, the internal enterprise IT organization of McKinsey & Company.
Within this team, we are developing the tools to power the next generation of management consulting. Here, we do not accept our esteemed organizations past success, but challenge it, as we utilize design thinking and digital technologies to create new ways of working that will define the future of how McKinsey delivers professional services.
You will be a core member of the Design & Innovation team. You will be part of a global team that is distributed across Boston, New York, New Delhi, and Prague.
The Design & Innovation team is responsible for using user-centered methods to inform the development and delivery of technology-enabled products and services used across our firm. This work ensures that we create experiences that make the work of our colleagues faster, easier and more effective. And that we incubate new ways of working that will move us forward.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will focus on our Connecting Devices and Workspaces ecosystem - composed of devices, workspaces, and connectivity - that allow our colleagues to reach their full potential by providing frictionless digital work environments.
You will help provide our colleagues with reliable, stable but powerful and innovative technology solutions and experiences in the office, in the team room, and on the move. You will be a part of product and service experts that value customer centricity, a culture of innovation, and continuous optimization.
As a member of our Design & Innovation team, you will contribute to all aspects of the product development life cycle. You will advise product teams on how to craft and conduct user research to generate insights into what will create a highly engaging and intuitive user experience and often work closely with team to put those plans into action. You will often own multiple projects at the same time, often working independently and at other times with the support of collaborators from within our Design & Innovation team.
You will lead design and delivery of best practice user research, including helping frame key questions, create research plans to address those, conduct research, and synthesize findings into meaningful, actionable insights. In addition, you will create professional-level deliverables that clearly and persuasively communicate the UX strategy, findings, and reasoning behind it. These deliverables include research plans and protocols, research findings, personas, journey maps, workflows, and wireframes.
You will collaborate closely with product managers, product designers, developers, and various other stakeholders to identify what will be most critical to the success of a product. You will actively look for opportunities to apply new tools and technologies that can help enrich the capabilities we provide to our colleagues to do their work.
You will also have the opportunity to be an advocate and coach for design thinking, helping others in the firm develop the best practices for user research, and capabilities in the use of empathetic, inventive and iterative methods for product development.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=013e039936d3da64,013e039936d3da64,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Software Engineer,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-24,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's/masters degree in computer science or equivalent
5+ years of overall software development experience with focus on web technologies
Hands-on experience with large-scale applications/systems implementation of at least two products
Full stack expertise of web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Experience implementing modern and responsive SPA web applications using one or more of the following, TypeScript, AngularJS, React, Redux, Bootstrap or modern open-source web frameworks
Proficient in data manipulation and working with databases both relational and non-relational.
Good understanding and experience with developing secure, robust, stable and scalable code including advanced concepts such as OOP
Ability to integrate securely between systems by writing and utilizing Web Services and other APIs
Experience with one or more back-end technologies and shell scripting
Work within an agile/scrum environment is highly desired
Experience with SaaS platforms such as ServiceNow, SFDC, a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions
Excellent interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies
Comfortable working in a team and highly collaborative environment
Fluent in English, both verbal and written
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Prague and part of our global software engineering community in the Technology & Digital function. You will be working with an existing experienced team/squad consisting of a product manager, UX designer, software engineering lead and software engineers. You will help to deliver the best user experience through enterprise services to our McKinsey colleagues.
The team has a global reach within McKinsey and operates out of the Czech Republic and Germany.
Were a vibrant community of 350+ people having expertise in various technologies. You'll get access to world-class professionals who you can learn from and will have opportunities that will help you to grow in your career. You will get an opportunity to gain more knowledge and experience.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will enable the digital transformation of internal services across the firm optimizing for performance, driving efficiencies via automation, and create a modern, consistent, and integrated experience for colleagues as they use internal services.
In this role, you will design, develop and support highly scalable, responsive web applications and services on top of our service management (ServiceNow) platform. You will produce high quality code that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration. You will build reusable code and libraries for future use.
You will also engage with our world-class engineering and program teams to build products and solutions. You will be collaborating closely with product managers, developers, and other disciplines to identify what will be most critical to the success of a product, what it should feel like to interact with a product or service across multiple touch points, and define how we bring the experience into reality.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a52a4e66daaded44,a52a4e66daaded44,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Solution Leader - Marketing & Sales, Pricing Solutions",McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-02-10,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree with an excellent academic record; MBA a plus
6-10 years of experience with 5+ years of leadership experience
Ability to launch and manage digital products/solutions
Understand how to understand and prioritize product features (size and scope)
Ability write product requirements and marketing materials
Technical knowledge to help development and architecture
General understanding of retail pricing processes, customer needs and how/where to apply analytics
Good Understanding of the competitive landscape and key players in the retail pricing space
Experience in working with/managing external partners and/or vendors
Good communication and consulting skills to ensure ability to work directly with clients
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in the Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, New Jersey, New York, San Francisco or Waltham office, and work with our Periscope by McKinsey team as a solution manager within Pricing Solutions to help us grow the firms capacity to deliver client impact through preeminent, scalable assets, tools, capabilities, and/or service lines.
Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 27 locations across 16 countries with a team of 700+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will oversee key activities related to the development and delivery of the Price Advisor product which is part of our Retail Pricing Solutions suite.
In this role, you will be responsible for ensuring the continuous improvement of our own solutions as well as driving business development opportunities and managing the P&L for the solutions. You will also help deploy our solutions in close collaboration with our client service teams.
You will work closely with the Marketing & Sales Practice leadership (acting as a Solution Board) to advance the strategic aims of the solutions and will provide leadership and management to the Pricing Solutions team to ensure effective and efficient delivery. You will be responsible for designing, developing and operationalizing the strategy to enable scalability and expansion across geographies, industries and functions.
Furthermore, you will be responsible for educating and evangelizing the Pricing Solution teams offerings principally through client service teams to increase demand and grow the business. You will also help drive and support direct go-to-market business development efforts and help develop Pricing Solution teams ecosystem as the solution evolves. You will review activities at clients to identify opportunities and over time you will take on responsibility for direct client development.
Lastly, you will be instrumental in creating the vision for the next generation of pricing solutions. You will also identify market opportunities, build business cases, and define the product vision and strategy (defining roadmap, product positioning and pricing model). You will work with practice leaders to understand the market demands to ensure the product direction and strategy meets global needs. You will also contribute to service delivery strategy and infrastructure development.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad097d3b7ec3c1e,cad097d3b7ec3c1e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Customer Success Manager - Marketing & Sales Solutions,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing or Engineering/Science; MBA preferred
12+ years of experience with a 5+ years focused in client delivery and client management within a consulting or customer success organization preferably with Retail clients
Experience in analytical software solutions, preferably around core merchandising levers, including: Pricing, Promotions, Category Management, Assortment Optimization, etc.
Experience working in a leadership role on large scale technology implementations or consulting engagements for Fortune 500 companies
Superb communicator at all levels of an organization up to Executive, possesses keen listening skills
Creative problem solver and natural entrepreneur; comfort with risk taking and ambiguity
Have a creative and analytical mindset
Able to incorporate business context to present and describe technical functionalities to those less-versed in technology
Strong ability to manage resources across a matrixed organization
Able to effectively manage multiple works streams, effectively delegating to other resources but also being able to go deep where needed
Outstanding project and process management skills
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Highly collaborative, yet able to function well independently
Travel expectation of 50-80%, on monthly basis
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in one of our North American offices and will be part of our Marketing & Sales practice.
The Marketing & Sales practice strives to help clients in both consumer and business-to-business environments on a wide variety of marketing and sales topics. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM, pricing, and sales and channel management.
Our practice offers an exceptional opportunity to work at the intersection of marketing, sales and consulting. Focusing on issues like redefining marketing and sales operations and commercial transformation, our people help clients build capabilities and transform how companies go to market - moving them to customer centric organizations.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 27 locations across 16 countries with a team of 700+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll oversee an internal client success team - with both onshore and offshore members - that is responsible for managing a large, complex client who is leveraging multiple Periscope solutions.
In this role you will ensure the success of existing deployed solutions while also overseeing new implementations, all with a focus on maximizing business impact for your client. You will rapidly become conversant on the Periscope offerings, manage existing client relationships and support business development with new and existing clients. This involves ensuring clients base solutions are delivered on time and accurately.
You will drive clients in their effective use of Periscope to sustainably deliver high impact. This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to discuss about how to best drive user adoption and helping them with questions they might have regarding the Solution usage or applicability, and build client capabilities.
Additionally, you'll work closely with client executives, generalist McKinsey consultants and business, product and analytic leadership to drive advanced analytic insights. You will also help ensure on time and quality delivery of new solutions by partnering closely with our solution delivery team.
Youll have the opportunity to define, react to and assist in setting strategy for client success, working in conjunction with Periscope leadership.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=434f27cc98af3783,434f27cc98af3783,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Software Engineer - QuantumBlack Labs,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS

Degree educated in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or another similar field
Experience working as a senior individual contributor in small to medium-sized product teams
Full Python programming proficiency in production and knowledge of additional programming languages (e.g. Java, C++, Scala...)
Experience in developing and designing medium-sized projects such as libraries, frameworks, enterprise software and software development tools
Experience working on highly scaled data problems, AI or ML based products in production would be a strong advantage
In-depth knowledge of computer science algorithms, and data structures
Experience designing/deploying or maintaining advanced systems in production
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be part of a product team in QuantumBlack Labs and work with software Engineers, product managers, data scientists, data engineers and designers to create innovative products and new technologies that facilitate, accelerate and enable the development and deployment of Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning solutions at scale in production.
Our teams in QuantumBlack Labs are responsible for:
Designing products that can explain complex data landscapes and insights to our users
Building frameworks and libraries for Data Scientists and Data Engineers to work in large-scale, complex projects. We open-source some of these frameworks, such as our award-winning Kedro
Codifying the methodology by which we deliver advanced analytics projects to our clients and the tooling needed to support them
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Senior Software Engineer in QuantumBlack Labs you will
Act as a mentor for a group of engineers in a product team
You will help the Tech Lead plan, drive and monitor the delivery of the work
Produce high-quality code that allows us to put solutions in production
Suggest and build new product features
Lead code reviews and lead on refactoring when needed
Contribute to design decisions while working in a collaborative way with your team members and Technical Lead
Advocate for and drive the adoption of our engineering best practices and high software engineering standards
Our Tech stack
We are currently leveraging Python, Spark, Luigi, Airflow, AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, Databricks, Docker, Kubernetes, Node.JS, React, Javascript, Typescript, SCSS, GraphQL and MySQL across our product suite.
However, we advocate to use the right tech for the right task. Technology evolves and the engineering is responsible to stay up to date with the latest technologies and ensure we make the relevant changes where needed.
Who you are
A core value at QuantumBlack is fusion and at the heart of our multi-disciplinary teams is the belief that the sum of individual parts will always be less than the impact of the entire team.
You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritising impact.
Trust between colleagues is paramount here  you are an individual who can always be trusted to work in the best interests of all colleagues and to achieve the best outcome for QuantumBlack and our clients.
You are naturally enthusiastic and enjoy sharing your passion with others.
You search for ways to improve things, believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly.
What you can expect from QuantumBlack
Real-World Impact No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Please submit your CV in English
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits
As an equal opportunity employer, QuantumBlack encourages applications from all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. We maintain a sense of community rooted in respect and consideration for all employees where any evaluation is based simply upon individual work and team performance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=93f24e86893cadc4,93f24e86893cadc4,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Practice Coordinator - Private Equity and Principal Investor...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
MBA
2-3 years of relevant work experience
Ambitious with strong drive and a passion for excellence
Strong sense of ownership, entrepreneurship, innovation and energy
Strong written/verbal communication skills in English
Excellent IT and database skills
Sound organizational skills
Good knowledge of Private Equity domain and/or willingness to learn
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in Gurugram with our Asia Private Equity/Principal Investing practice team.
The team provides support to client teams serving private equity firms and institutional investors and their portfolio companies.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will play a key role in creating and executing important communications efforts within our practice, supporting our leadership and the operations across Asia.
In this role you will carry out email campaigns, such as invitations to conferences and other events, as well as knowledge dissemination of whitepapers and articles. You will provide advice on best-practice execution to ensure high quality in all outgoing communication. In addition to working with the practice manager, you will be responsible for driving close relationships with practice leaders and our R&I team.
You will drive and coordinate practice priorities and collaborate across our client, knowledge, and people focused agendas. You will define and manage the practice knowledge operations strategy, including knowledge management, and execution of priority knowledge initiatives (including new knowledge creation and dissemination of practice knowledge). You will also be responsible for maintaining a smooth process for updating critical global knowledge. You will work with our practice manager and leaders to design new processes where needed, to ensure we are capturing and effectively disseminating the best of what we know.
You will maintain our practice library of sanitized client documents and letters of proposal (LOPs), which includes managing the sanitization process for adding documents to our library in close cooperation with the client teams. You also assist client teams in searching our library for the relevant knowledge, youll manage our CRM system, and organize the distribution of regional client newsletters. Youll have the opportunity to select appropriate documents for distribution and subsequently coordinating with our client relationship management team.
Lastly, you will maintain the underlying knowledge portal, maintain distribution lists of recipients together with our client service teams to oversee gaining required approvals and youll modify distribution of communications based on feedback. You also develop and track quarterly reports to help document and track overall global/regional CRM usage, along metrics such as client coverage, client outreach, and other ad-hoc statistical analyses on request.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=85010f0593684bff,85010f0593684bff,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Senior Security Engineer, Healthcare Systems & Services",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years of experience as a Security Engineer focused on automated security solutions
Fluency in Python or similar scripting languages
Experience with automated remediation (AWS Lambda/Boto3) utilizing monitoring tools (CloudWatch, FlowLogs, etc.)
2+ years of experience in configuration management and CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, CircleCI, Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Maven, Ant, Git, Sonatype
2+ years experience with security testing tools, including static analysis and/or dynamic analysis
Exposure/working understanding of container technology such as Kubernetes, Docker, OpenShift, ECS, EKS
Experience building, implementing and operating security tools such as firewalls, privileged access, encryption within AWS (preferred) or other cloud vendors
Experience with cloud identity and access management (IAM) solutions including authentication federation and least-privileged-access enforcement
Experience in application log management and SIEM operation; SOAR experience (Demisto, Phantom, etc.) a plus
Experience in incident response and recovery a plus
Security certifications such as CompTIA Security+, CCSP, GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA), GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) are a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Joining our technology hub in Chicago, IL, you will be part of our engineering team within the Healthcare Systems and Services Practice. Along with our other technology hubs in New York, NY, and San Jose, Costa Rica, the collective group enables the development of analytical based solutions that are leveraged within numerous client engagements across the globe. Youll work directly with architecture, engineering and compliance team members to improve overall security posture and automation capabilities.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Leveraging your passion and strong knowledge of infrastructure and network security, you will help grow, build, standardize, scale and operate our cloud security technology.
In this hands-on technical position you will be responsible for implementing and operating a diverse set of cloud security controls and monitoring processes. Executing through an Agile methodology, youll help define the various epics and stories that will design and implement frameworks and governance solutions integrated into the build automation processes. Through continuous monitoring of the environments, implement targeted security improvements that enables the practice to maintain a highly secure and adaptable infrastructure.
The Healthcare Systems and Services Engineering Team is focused on building out complex analytical solutions that enable our clients to transform the healthcare landscape. Given the sensitivity of the datasets and regulations we operate in, we ensure a highly modern and secure platform to enable the ability to achieve these insights. You will be a critical member of the team helping drive forward our technology stack to continuously increase the level of security automation and monitoring across the various assets that are built.

In order to be successful, you will be an active learner, identifying and evaluating new tools and technologies to meet requirements. It is expected that your voice and opinion be heard and expressed. We have an environment that thrives on the fact that peoples experiences and skillset variation create better solutions. You will contribute code and participate in code reviews; you will break down user stories into technical tasks and requirements; and you will identify, communicate, and escalate risks when appropriate.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd8766b98dd0bf75,bd8766b98dd0bf75,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Analyst - Finance Technology Support and Operations,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-17,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree and a strong academic record required; Finance or Information Systems degrees preferred
3-5 years professional work experience in a multinational organization
Working knowledge of finance and/or treasury processes
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Knowledge of Oracle eBS R12, Alteryx, and SQL a plus
Results-driven with strong attention to the details
Outstanding problem solving skills within functional and technical areas
Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively communicate with all management levels
Outstanding relationship building verbal and written communication levels
Ability to work independently and in a virtual team setting
Strong project and program management expertise
Excellent skills in Microsoft office tools e.g. Excel, Word, Power Point & Access queries
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Tampa and will play an active role in our Treasury and Accounting systems.
You will support multiple eBanking portals, act as the system administrator for the Kyriba Treasury workstation, and be a thought partner on process improvements and further system integration efforts. You will also support the accounting function by maintaining our chart of accounts and assisting with daily maintenance in Oracle.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
This role you will be split, supporting Treasury technology initiatives and accounting configuration and reconciliation systems.
You will assume ownership of eBanking portal administration becoming a subject matter expert on banking entitlements and access restrictions. You'll collaborate closely with the Treasury team, Information Technology, FinTech team, and accounting function to roll-out the Kyriba treasury workstation. In addition, this role will help scale the level of impact treasury systems have on day to day operations.
You will also collaborate closely with Finance Systems colleagues to support the month end close process, oversee/assist with the implementation of new accounting entities and financial processes, and assist in general ticket resolution. You will be our reconciliation reporting analyst, learning how to design and develop firmwide standard reports based on data from our automated reconciliation tool. Youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm.
You'll perform cross-system verification tasks to ensure data integrity across cash management systems. You will perform end-to-end process for all monthly Oracle chart of account changes (gathering requests, performing analysis, providing recommendations and implementing in Oracle). You will leverage Alteryx to automate manual workflows and design and develop reporting requirements on reconciliation data using SAP Crystal Writer. You will also complete Ad-Hoc duties as necessary.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=79f3a168bb955901,79f3a168bb955901,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Network Engineer - Technology and Digital,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in technology or equivalent experience
Experience implementing security solutions for authorizing required access to systems based on business requirements and authorized security policies
Deep knowledge and experience with the security stack including knowledge of Virtual machines based next generation infrastructure deployment and operation
Knowledge of De-militarized Zone, security best practices, advanced routing switching L2/L3 VPN technologies
Understanding of public Cloud connectivity, SD-WAN, cloud access security broker and Cloud-Based Web Proxy
Knowledge of scripting/automation
Good understanding of storage networks, application and end point security solutions
Experience with centralized management tools
Strong network troubleshooting skills (packets, flow analysis, tcpdump etc.)
Participation in product life cycle process, contributed to and or created product and technical requirements, detailed design documents including transaction, capacity and bandwidth models, systems definition and operational procedure as planned
Experience with creating and improving documented procedures and or playbooks
Outstanding interpersonal abilities
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in our Prague office and will be a member of the Operations and Reliability Engineering organization. This group is responsible for planning, developing and implementing best security practices for the firms global network. You will join a team about to embark on a journey to evolve the network to better support a hybrid cloud environment.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will design, implement and operate security solutions by translating customer requirements and business objectives into final implementation for McKinseys LAN/WAN and Core Network.
In this role, you will use your strong technical aptitude to assist with tier 3 escalations for complex network security issues. Youll be called upon to influence and drive adoption of standards and best practices throughout the life cycle in conjunction with internal and external stakeholders. When applicable youll manage vendor relationships, including operational and service management, as well as, strategic alignment on technical/product road maps.
You will ensure that projects are properly accepted for delivery by stakeholders and completed in a timely and efficient manner for a smooth transition to the operations team. You will also have the opportunity to develop state-of-the-art solutions to maximize on technology and business applications.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a239685857861b45,a239685857861b45,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Security Engineer - QuantumBlack,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field; Master's degree is a plus
7+ years of proven experience in cyber security
Technical expertise in Cloud Security with strong Python skills and DevOps mindset, including but not limited to CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible, Rundeck
Deep technical understanding of enterprise level IT, web applications, databases, operating systems and networking technologies
Deep expertise in AWS (required) and Azure (beneficial), and GCP (optional)
Virtualisation and big data architectures beneficial
Deep knowledge of information security controls, guidelines and standards, e.g. OWASP, CSA CCM, CIS, SOC2, ISO27001/2
Experienced with VM, IAM, SIEM, IDS/IPS, etc.
Strong communicator with written communication skills and the ability to communicate with all levels both internally and externally
Strong analytical and organisational skills with the ability to work independently, as well and as part of a wider team, with minimal supervision
Excellent problem solving, organisational skills and attention to detail
Good interpersonal skills including persuasiveness and/or assertiveness skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in Gurugram within McKinseys Information Security Team on a range of technical Cyber Security initiatives and projects within Cloud Security area at scale.
Who you are
You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritizing impact. You search for ways to improve things and work collaboratively with colleagues. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Senior Security Engineer at QuantumBlack in Gurugram...
You will be responsible for driving technical understanding of well recognised industry security best practices and standards, continued development of new security processes and controls adapting to the fast pace change.
Your technical and fast-learning mindset, engineering and scripting skills will be crucial to lead the technical implementation of security enhancements for the existing Cloud environments at scale, but also to drive adoption and innovation across new initiatives, platforms and technologies.
QuantumBlack considers the security of client information as a top business priority and the protection of client information is always at the forefront of everything we do.
Key responsibilities include:
Assess the security posture of the existing Cloud platforms in scope, but also help to define security requirements, enhancements and controls for new platforms, initiatives, solutions and products
Provide technical security assistance to all areas within the Information Security Program, including supporting client-facing engagements if required as majority of our Cloud platforms are client facing
Help to identify security vulnerabilities within information assets, information processing systems and networks to ensure they are recognized, addressed and remediated
Contribute to automation efforts while shifting security left through adoption of security powered CI/CD pipelines, enhanced DevSecOps and well-designed SSDLC practices
About QuantumBlack:
Real-World Impact  No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership  We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork - Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture  Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity  With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency  We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact  We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development  We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Please submit your CV in English
Visit our Careerssite to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d004e3ec5b420a27,d004e3ec5b420a27,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Security Operations Center Analyst - Incident Respons...,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree; Master's degree preferred in (IT/Computer Science or Service-Management is preferred), military experience and/or equivalent experience
5+ years of information security and/or cyber security experience 3-5 years of experience in security monitoring and/or incident response
Experience in two or more of the following security domains: digital forensics (computer, memory, network, cloud, virtualization), malware analysis (Dynamic and static), reverse engineering, pen testing, network investigations, threat hunting, threat intelligence, security engineering, OSINT
Awareness about security products and technologies, and/or networking protocols. (Splunk, Archsight, Qradar, etc.)
Experience with cloud computing, both investigating and working with cloud infrastructure
Experience with microservices is preferred Understanding of security alerts that includes malware/phishing, denial of service, unauthorized access, ETC, knowledge of security tools that include SIEM, IDS/IPS, log aggregation, malware sandboxing, threat hunting, etc.
Security certifications like GIAC certifications or equivalent work experience will be preferred
Strong process management background with a keen interest in process development
Expertise to manage SOPs, process adherence by teams & an eye for continuous improvement
Excellent interpersonal and collaborative skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, coordinate and work well under pressure to meet deadlines
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in our Waltham, MA office as part of the Security Operations center and in collaboration with fellow security analysts, engineers and other IT security specialists. The Security Operations center (SOC) is McKinsey and Companys, internal security monitoring, detection and response organization tasked with the detection and response to threats on the McKinsey and Company network. The SOC is a 24/7 organization with teams in different geographical zones to ensure continuous operations and coverage of security monitoring, detection and response.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll investigate various types of security incidents, develop and improve existing security workflows to standardize incident response, and you'll formulate incident response steps when a new unprecedented incident is reported to the SOC.
In this role you'll work both collaboratively and independently to accomplish a variety of security tasks as well as projects. You'll collaborate with security engineers to create use cases and correlation alerts in the SIEM for continuous security monitoring, embark on specialized security projects to mature the capabilities of the security operations center, and mentor junior security analysts and train them in new security skills as required. You'll write both technical and executive incident reports when called upon and you will be expected to continue learning and improving your security analysis skills to match the current technical security challenges and innovations.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ecf590793d7385ca,ecf590793d7385ca,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Software Architect  Technology & Digital, SAP SuccessFactor...",McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject; Master's degree is a plus
10+ years of IT experience with 5 to 6 years of Success Factors and HCM experience
3+ full-lifecycle multi-module Success Factors implementations
Experience conducting technical workshops
Experience with module configuration
Experience with functional design/process flows
Experience with solution design
Experience with testing (SIT/UAT), training, knowledge transfer and deployment
Certifications in Success Factors modules
Deep understanding and hands on implementation experience on SuccessFactors On-boarding module (1.0 & 2.0) and experience with:
Experience implementing 2 projects with Business Configuration and Administration
Experience implementing 2 projects with I-9 and E-verify Setup
Experience implementing 2 projects with Configure Offboarding
Experience implementing 2 projects with Integration with 3rd Party System via OData API's and CPI
Experience implementing 2 projects with Configuring Onboarding Tiles on the SuccessFactors HCM Homepage
Experience implementing 2 projects with Manage Concurrent employment information in Onboarding
Experience implementing 2 projects with Synchronizing User, Permission, and Foundation Data
Experience implementing 2 projects with User Creation & Setting up Permissions
Experience implementing 2 projects with Localization in Onboarding
Experience implementing 2 projects with Configuration and Administration Tools for Onboarding Setup
Experience implementing 2 projects with Setting up Onboarding Prerequisites
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be a core member of the Technology & Digital Product Engineering team working out of our New York Service Center.
Our group provides technology support for all of the firms internal software development needs.
As the Technical Delivery Lead for the People Central On-boarding module, you will be working closely with the Global On-Boarding Team. Your goal is to design and digitize the on-boarding process thereby providing an integrated view of onboarding across various paths and regions within the organization.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional enterprise software products.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a key contributor on People Central Onboarding team and will oversee the technical architecture, design and delivery of new On-boarding Platform (SAP Success Factors) to be used across the organization.
In this role you will work closely with our System Implementation Partner for the new On-boarding Platform and will be responsible for the end to end architecture of the system. You will provide thought leadership to the senior leaders for the direction of the overall product portfolio and how to manage and evolve our architectures.
You will support secure coding practices, code quality and good engineering practices such as Test-Driven Development, simple code, automated testing and deployments, continuous integration and continuous deployment.
You will provide ongoing coaching and mentoring to the architects and technical leads to improve our organizational capability.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e035383f6ee352ae,e035383f6ee352ae,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Site Reliability Engineer  Solution Technology,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field; Masters degree is a plus
8+ years of experience in Information Technology
Experience in client-server virtual systems engineering and architecture with a focus on security and high availability
3+ years of experience with DevOps practices and toolsets, such as Terraform, Ansible, Packer, GitHub, Lambda, CodeDeploy, CircleCI, Vault, Jenkins/Travis, CI/CD delivery models
3+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services, working with VPC, ALB/ELB, RDS, S3, Route53, Auto-Scaling and User Data
Azure or Google Cloud is a plus.
Experience with Data Analytics is a plus (Redshift, EMR, etc.)
3+ years of experience managing Linux based platforms
2+ years of experience with service containerization (Docker, Helm, Quay) and orchestration framework (Kubernetes, OpenShift)
Programming experience in at least two of the following: Python, JavaScript, GoLang, Ruby, Java
Strong scripting experience in at least two of the following: Perl, Bash, Python, PowerShell
Strong experience with monitoring and logging stacks/tools e.g. NewRelic, Prometheus, Splunk, ELK
Strong skills debugging locally and remotely with ability to understand all levels of a distributed system
Experience with Networking, SSL, load balancing, WAFs, SMTP, DNS
Experience working in Agile teams and Agile SDLC practices
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work within our Technical Operations teams which is part of McKinseys Solution Technology practice.
This group fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for the firm's entrepreneurial culture.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in small teams - including product and project managers, developers and technical operations firm members - in a highly collaborative way, use the latest technologies and enjoy seeing the direct impact from your work.
You'll combine Agile with expertise in cloud, big data and mobile to create and maintain custom solutions that help clients increase productivity and make timely decisions. You will design, develop and implement IT cloud-based solutions, systems and processes and will advance engineering by architecting design to ensure HA/FT standard.
Additionally, you will automate provisioning, quality controls, security auditing and maintenance. To be successful in this role, you will stay current on technology trends and be able to make recommendations to improve deployment models and processes.
Serving as an expert in your field, you will train and perform knowledge transfer sessions to second and first level support. You will document technical deployments and solutions for support team transitions. Finally, you will provide Level 3 cloud platform and solution support and participate in an on-call rotation to effectively drive incident resolution, troubleshoot and mitigate impact.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9c23078049f067a,d9c23078049f067a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Software Architect  Technology & Digital, People Central Do...",McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's/Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject
10+ years of IT experience and 5+ years of experience working on OpenText Content Server/Livelink and other related OpenText products.
OpenText Content Server Business Consultant Certification will be a plus
Strong development experience on the OpenText Content Server platform (using Content Server Web Services, REST APIs, OScript) preferably with 10.5/16 versions.
Data migration exposure from other ECM systems to OpenText using migration tools (InfoFusion OTIC, OpenText Object Importer etc.)
Hands on development experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML/XSL and SQL.
Experience working with Workflows, CS Widgets, Workspaces, Connected Workspaces, Web Reports, Web Forms, Templates in Livelink/Content Server.
Good understanding of the overall ECM processes and concepts (Capture, Manage, Store, Preserve, Deliver
Experience working with other OpenText products like Archive Server, OTDS, Enterprise Scan, Enterprise Connect, Document Pipeline, Rendition Server, Capture Centre, InfoFusion, OTMM, EPS, Process Suite, Output Centre is preferred
Experience implementing 2 projects with OpenText Extended ECM for SAP SuccessFactos (xECM)
Experience implementing 2 projects with Managing Documents in Content Server
Experience implementing 2 projects with collaborating in Content Server
Experience implementing 2 projects with content Server Workflow Design
Experience implementing 2 projects with content Server Forms Design
Experience implementing 2 projects with OpenText Records Management
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be a core member of the Technology & Digital Product Engineering team working out of our New York Service Center.
Our group provides technology support for all of the firms internal software development needs. As the Technical Delivery Lead for the People Central Document Management System (OpenText) module, you will be working closely with the People Central core team. Your goal is to design and digitize an integrated document management process across different modules within the employee lifecycle (Recruitment to OffBoarding).
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional enterprise software products.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a key contributor on People Central Document Management team and will oversee the technical architecture, design and delivery of new Document Management System (OpenText integrated with SAP Success Factors) to be used across the organization.
In this role you will work closely with our System Implementation Partner for the new platform and will be responsible for the end to end architecture of the system. You will provide thought leadership to the senior leaders for the direction of the overall product portfolio and how to manage and evolve our architectures. In this role you will also be working with multiple internal teams to provide technical guidance, oversight and identify industry best practices in architecture and apply them in a way that is tailored to be relevant for our business.
You will be an active learner: tinkering with new open source libraries, using unfamiliar technologies and inclination to continuous research inside and outside the current focus fields. You will provide leadership in the development and strategic direction of new products, processes, technologies.
On a daily basis you will use your passion and knowledge about secure coding practices, code quality and good engineering practices such as Test-Driven Development, simple code, automated testing and deployments, continuous integration and continuous deployment. You will provide ongoing coaching and mentoring to the architects and technical leads to improve our organizational capability.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=546740b81fe11763,546740b81fe11763,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Solution Architect,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-29,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent area
8+ years of experience in Software Engineering
Experience designing and deploying applications on cloud infrastructure with providers such as AWS, Azure, or Google and container technologies: Docker and Kubernetes
Broad experience across multiple programming languages and frameworks with and in-depth skills in at least one of the following: JavaScript, NodeJS, React, Python, Go, .Net, or Java
Experience working with databases
Practiced experience refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, system and application design, application security
Practiced experience with agile software development methodologies
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to implement creative and effective solutions
Comfort with ambiguity and rapid changes common in early-stage product development
Distinct customer focus and quality mindset
Excellent communication skills to build consensus across technical and non-technical audiences including senior stakeholders
Strong command of English language, both verbal and written
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Prague and will be part of our Client Technology team. You'll build and shape technology solutions for our McKinsey clients to help solve the world's toughest functional and industry challenges.
McKinsey fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. Our Client Technology team is helping to shift our model toward asset based consulting and is foundation to our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will have responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that McKinseys craft stays on the leading edge of technology.
In this role you will be involved in leading software development projects. Your expertise will expand into Cloud technologies, DevOps and Continuous Delivery domains.
You will be an active learner, identifying new or better ways to deliver impact with people and technology. You will develop a growth mindset and relish opportunities to use familiar and unfamiliar technologies, closed source and open source software, and develop better approaches to solving business and technical challenges. You will embrace agile software development practices and contribute to growing and improving our engineering organization.
You will prototype code and participate in code reviews, facilitate breaking down user stories into technical tasks, and help manage the process by which code is delivered and its quality. You will lead the adoption of technical standards and best practices to grow high performing teams. You will identify and escalate barriers, dependencies and risks and collaborate with business stakeholders to mitigate the risks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b9c7bde2872f9f65,b9c7bde2872f9f65,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Software Engineer (Go/Python) - Periscope,McKinsey & Company,"Denver, CO 80202 (Lodo area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree ideally in computer science or similar technical disciplines
5+ years of experience in software engineering
Strong hands-on experience with either Go or Python Knowledge on both languages would be a big plus
Experience with designing and consuming APIs (REST, RPC)
Experience in building scalable distributed systems, complex web-applications, and data processing pipelines
Entrepreneurial spirit with desire to work in an agile start-up environment
Excited about learning and gathering new technologies and related tools to introduce to the team in order to grow the agile development environment
Strong integrity, humility and tact; excited about working in a startup environment with young and motivated colleagues
Cloud knowledge and experience on AWS and/or Azure is a big plus
Experience with C#, .NET, React would be a plus
Experience with DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Ansible is a plus
Experience in building products with analytics engine is a plus
Experience with distributed computing, big data technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.) is a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in Munster and be a member of Periscopes technology team in Europe.
Periscope is the asset based arm of McKinseys Marketing & Sales function and is at the leading edge of the new ways we serve clients.
Periscope by McKinsey, enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world-leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud-based tools with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future.
More than 25 solutions focused on insights, marketing, customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 26 locations across 16 countries with a team of 650+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will develop new products as well as enhancements to existing solutions, leveraging cloud technologies, and microservices architecture patterns.
You will be an active learner, identifying new open source libraries, using unfamiliar technologies and learning new programming languages to meet technical requirements.
You'll work with other senior engineers in the team, and own complete workstreams and be responsible for the complete development of different features for our products.
You'll identify and escalate technical barriers, dependencies or risks, ensure technical standards and best practices are followed at all times. You'll be busy with contributing code and participate in code reviews and facilitate breaking down user stories into technical tasks.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f523c26cb857b3d,0f523c26cb857b3d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Machine Learning Engineer - QuantumBlack,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
MSc or degree in Computer Science or a relevant subject
Strong coding skills in Python. Experience with pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib a big plus.
Practical experience with machine learning methods, such as Linear Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Deep Learning, etc
Solid understanding of good software engineering principles
Knowledge of Big Data technologies, such as Spark, Hadoop/MapReduce is desirable but not essential
Good knowledge of testing frameworks and libraries
Good knowledge of database management languages e.g. SQL, PostgreSQL
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Based in Sydney, Perth or Melbourne and working across the region, you will have the opportunity to work on complex problems with our clients across a number of domains. You will work part of a highly collaborative and cross-functional team of Data Scientists, Data Architects, Engineers and Designers.
Who you are
A core value at QuantumBlack is fusion and at the heart of our multi-disciplinary teams is the belief that the sum of individual parts will always be less than the impact of the entire team. You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritising impact. You search for ways to improve things and work collaboratively with colleagues. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly. Trust between colleagues is paramount here  you are an individual who can always be trusted to work in the best interests of all colleagues and to achieve the best outcome for QuantumBlack and our clients. You are naturally enthusiastic and enjoy sharing your passion with others.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer at QuantumBlack in Australia...
You are a keen problem solver who uses technology to solve complex analytical problems. You have a deep interest in Big Data technologies, Analytics and Data Science. You know how to engineer beautiful code in Python and/or Scala (and Spark) but also can read R and take pride in what you produce.
Role responsibilities
Work closely with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to productionise and deploy machine learning models
Work with the guild leadership to set the standards for software engineering practices within the machine learning engineering team and support across other disciplines
Play an active role in leading team meetings and workshops with clients
Choose and use the right analytical libraries, programming languages, and frameworks for each task
Produce high-quality code that allows us to put solutions into production
Refactor code into reusable libraries, APIs, and tools
Help us to shape the next generation of our products
Rotate between client project work and internal product development in alignment with your personal development plan
Who we are
QuantumBlack teams work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact. We bring together the brightest data scientists, engineers and designers to take on the biggest problems facing the worlds most influential organisations. Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture.
No project is ever the same - we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership  We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels
Multidisciplinary Teamwork - Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture - Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity  With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a8bacca741d786f,7a8bacca741d786f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Site Reliability Engineer - Technology & Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
BS or MS degree in computer science or related field
5+ years of experience in software engineering (Java, Ruby, Node.js, and others)
1+ year in reliability and performance engineering role
Experience with DevOps processes and culture
Experience in establishing error budgets
Experience with DevOps tools (e.g. Jenkins, GoCD, CircleCi, GitHub, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Terraform)
Comfortable in writing code using the same code quality and engineering practices expected from core application developers (Test-driven development, Integration, Security, Acceptance testing)
Understanding of web and database technologies, concepts and design elements of on-premise, cloud-based and hybrid architectures
Strong understanding of presentation tiers (Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, IIS)
Experience with containerized environments (Dockers, DC/OS, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm)
Experience with at least one of the major cloud IaaS providers (AWS, Azure, Google)
Strong hands-on skills with server operating systems and environments (Linux, Windows)
Understanding of standard networking protocols and components such as HTTP, DNS, TCP/IP, ICMP and Load Balancing
Knowledge of (shell) scripting languages (Python, PowerShell, Perl, etc.)
Working experience with monitoring and data analysis tools (Splunk, Nagios, Prometheus, AppDynamics, etc.)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll join us in our Gurugram office as part of the Technology & Digital function. You will be a core member of the global Software Engineering team within the Technology & Digital function that is distributed across New York, Waltham, Prague, New Delhi. The team is responsible for providing software engineering skills for all our internal product development. The goal is to develop tools that power the next generation management consulting as they work with clients around the globe.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group and enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with various product teams using a variety of technologies to ensure high application reliability, scalability and availability.
In this role, you will ensure product teams incorporate aspects of reliability, testability and supportability during various stages of the product development lifecycle. You will manage multiple complex projects and deadlines simultaneously. You will focus heavily on an automation and orchestration strategy for existing and new McKinsey applications/products. You will also pair with platform Site Reliability Engineering to build necessary infrastructure such as code components.
You will help to troubleshoot software application issues and identify modifications needed in supported applications to ensure high reliability and availability. Additionally, you will assist Application Product teams with integrating standard DevOps Foundation Products and help advance Site Reliability Engineering ole definition in general.
You'll work towards advancing DevOps principles e.g. automation, TDD, secure coding practices etc. You'll also develop tooling necessary to addressneeds of our product teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29a9572474ad2539,29a9572474ad2539,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Specialist - External Relations, Advanced Industries",McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree and evidence of high-caliber academic achievement
5-6 years work experience preferred
Expertise in communications, media relations, and external engagement, especially in professional services, knowledge leadership, or B2B
Experience in industrial, automotive, semiconductors, advanced electronics, and/or aerospace & defense industries is a strong plus
Demonstrated ability to absorb a wide range of complex business issues; strong interest in knowledge development and dissemination
Team-oriented, collegial, and entrepreneurial
Proven experience in executing multi-channel marketing programs
Strong event management skills and experience in planning and executing for a senior business audience
Exceptional writing and editorial skills, in particular, the ability to distill complex ideas into accessible copy
Ability to develop valuable external and internal network to ensure successful execution of events and activities across regions
Capable and experienced in digital and social media platforms
Client service mindset and external relations orientation
High comfort level with uncertainty and risk taking. We also prize those who speak truthfully on difficult matters and can serve as honest counselors
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in a global role within McKinseys Advanced Industries (AI) Practice at the Dsseldorf, Germany office. We work with the most influential names in Automotive & Assembly, Aerospace & Defense, and Advanced Electronics/Semiconductors to transform their core business and build resilience. We partner with many high performing iconic industrial companies and industry leaders around functional, business unit, and enterprise transformations.
In addition to close collaboration with the AI global operations and knowledge team, you will also work closely with communications, external relations, publishing, event planning, and risk colleagues at the Firm-wide level. This role reports to the Global External Relations Manager for Advanced Industries.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will contribute to the success of the global Advanced Industries practice, especially in Europe by driving its global reputation-building program.
These efforts will increase visibility across both internal and external channels and position AI leaders of the global practice with key decision makers and market influencers. The results will build our reputation among clients, media and other key stakeholders across regions.
In this role you will help build our reputation through public engagement, events, speeches, press, social media, institutional partnerships, publishing, and targeted dissemination of knowledge. You will support efforts to build colleague capabilities in social media, public speaking, media engagement, and publishing. You will ensure that colleagues understand external relations priorities and progress against those objectives. While the position will support global external relations priorities, we will need focused support for our European priorities.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8ba3a7e1d4abca6f,8ba3a7e1d4abca6f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Consumer Operations Implementation Consultant,McKinsey & Company,"Stamford, CT 06902 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree
3+ years of front-line experience with a focus in at least one of the following areas: change management, consumer planning, consumer operations management, performance improvement, and/or operations support functions
Experience in the delivery of large scale digital transformations, the creation of web based solutions, mobile application development and integrated business planning preferred but not required
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment leading large implementation programs crossing multiple functions
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Flexibility to travel regionally or globally up to 80% depending on client and base location
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work in a collaborative culture, working closely with our client project teams solving their toughest problems, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work in small teams with colleagues and clients to build thestrategies, capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results and ensure those results will be sustained.
Youll have the opportunity to make a meaningful, hands-on contribution by managing projects and progress with minimal supervision, including tracking metrics, handling complex analyses, and preparing communications to report back to client and internal leadership. You will develop trust-based relationships with clients and be seen as a specialist in implementation and delivering results.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=86a3241d4f253480,86a3241d4f253480,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Digital Technology,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in engineering, science or another technical or related field; Advanced degree is advantageous
5 - 8 years of experience in a top tier consulting firm, a technology company or a high performing IT corporate department.
Technology-savvy candidates with passion for improving business through technology
Interested shaping McKinseys thinking around IT and IT architecture
Understanding and knowledge of IT and software development processes and exposure to agile
Excellent technical understanding of key areas of the Travel, Banking/Financial Services, FMCG, Retail industries (but not limited to) and the technologies transforming them (IT strategy, modern engineering, IT infrastructure & architecture, cloud architecture, big data & analytics, DevOps, e-commerce )
Ability to combine strategic and analytical insights with a passion and deep knowledge in technology
Exceptional problem-solving ability. You should excel at solving problems that require logical reasoning, creative thinking, comfort with numbers, and the ability to untangle complex issues
Demonstrated leadership within or outside a work setting. You should be someone who frequently takes initiative and is eager to break new groundas seen through leadership roles
Fluent in both Spanish and English
Other intrinsic skills such as strategic management perspective, strong interpersonal and communication skills.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with Digital McKinsey and will be based in our Iberian Offices. Digital McKinsey brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.
Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics. Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with C-suite executives to problem-solve on their key issues and provide actionable recommendations leveraging your technology know-how and business sense.
You will play an active role in all aspects of a client project, typically working in teams of 3 to 5 consultants alongside experts and partners of all tenures. Your team will include developers, designers, data engineers and agile coaches.
Your responsibilities will include gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations for client presentations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc9fbb155960c88b,cc9fbb155960c88b,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Partnerships and Convenings Manager, North America",McKinsey & Company,"San Francisco, CA 94104 (Financial District area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree from a respected institution is required
Advanced degree in a business-related discipline is desirable
At least 8 years of professional experience with experience in communications, preferably in a professional services environment or communications firm
Exceptional event management background and proven strategic vision
Recognized as seasoned advisor with prior depth of experience in developing successful event programs which support reach and relevance plans to target clients, potential clients, and other stakeholders
Proven experience of negotiating contracts, operating under pressure, and executing complex events with a keen attention to detail
Strong instinct and ability to work collaboratively across tenures and role types; can successfully navigate ambiguous work environments
Strong sense of entrepreneurship and ability to execute
Strong results oriented, collaborative leadership style
Willingness and ability to travel at least 25% and flexibility to accommodate occasional last-minute requests
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in North America (New York, Chicago, DC preferred) and will report to the Director of External Relations for North America.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will devise and implement a comprehensive strategy for priority regional events and partnerships with other leading institutions that enhance the reputation of the firm and the NA region.
You will be an integral member of the NA External Relations team, and will execute the implementation of our events strategy across NA, ensuring it supports our thought leadership and client development priorities. Key activities include supporting pre-existing marquee events (i.e., World Economic Forum) and scaling our efforts to create new signature events (either on behalf of McKinsey or in partnership with other organizations) that convene important clients, potential clients and influencers.
You will also lead and strengthen legacy firm partnerships and our relationships with membership organizations, such as G100, Council on Foreign Relations, and The Conference Board.
Some of your specific activities will include developing and tracking a consistent set of metrics that help us evaluate the impact of our partnerships; analyzing priority events and partnerships using marketing principles to flex our strategy to ensure we are creating opportunities for our partners to meet everyone who matters to the firm in NA
You will also oversee NA-wide event operations, which involves maintaining oversight of major McKinsey-led and partnered events across NA; building and managing a system to capture our engagement with external event organizers to evaluate return on investment (ROI) and improve our ability to make strategic investments across the firm.
In this role, you will be an integral thought partner to cell-based colleagues and an emerging events hub to cultivate a best practice-oriented culture, creating tools and guidelines that equip colleagues to consistently deliver quality standards at events, measure and track ROI of events, and maintain a view of priority McKinsey-hosted and externally-owned events.
You will serve as a key stakeholder in firm-wide effort to re-imagine events processes and create world class experiences.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ad4a13da00886675,ad4a13da00886675,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Scientist - Ingenuity,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree; Master's degree or 1-3 years of work experience after completing your undergraduate degree
2-5 years of advanced analytics experience
Deep familiarity with the analytics or actuarial market landscape and corresponding information needs; knowledge of the insurance industry a plus
Very strong problem-solving skills, and quantitative/analytical thinking capabilities (including experience and familiarity doing multivariate predictive modeling and in analytics software such as SAS, SPSS, R, etc.)
Proven record of leadership and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Willingness to travel 30% of the time
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Ingenuity team in in Waltham, MA. Ingenuity is part of McKinsey Solutions and McKinseys New Ventures.

Ingenuity drives significant performance improvement for carriers, reinsurers, and brokers through a combination of advanced analytic capabilities, deep industry knowledge, extensive change management expertise, and the technology infrastructure to develop and host operational solutions. Ingenuitys analytical solutions span the entire insurance value chain including sales/distribution, underwriting/pricing, and claims.

McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for and expands our investment in our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.

As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and were hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support all levels of analyses and model building for Ingenuitys clients, as well as the development of the solution itself.
You will own the solution methodology and IP, and youll provide expertise to our consulting teams and clients. This allows you to facilitate implementation and product development. Youll also participate in defining the product roadmap and youll manage product development in collaboration with our IT teams. Youll make sure any colleagues involved in solutions deployment are trained and certified to use or implement the solution.

Additionally, youll participate in specific projects involving the building of new, bespoke advanced analytical solutions for clients. You will share the Solution Managers responsibilities for financial and administrative management of the Solution (e.g., managing the P&L, budgeting) and preparation of the key business milestones (e.g., quarterly reviews).",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=72cbe6fd8ff0fdc9,72cbe6fd8ff0fdc9,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Scientist - Journey Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Master's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Operational Research or similar field
Hands-on analytics experience
Experience building machine learning models in Python. R or other programming languages is a plus
Passion for defining the next generation of customer experience excellence
Industry experience in retail banking, pharma, healthcare, insurance, telecommunications or digital is a plus
Distinctive problem solving and analytical thinking
Evidence of entrepreneurial drive and having a start-up mentality
Ability to prototype apps and visualizations is a plus
Willingness to travel internationally up to 75%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work alongside Journey Analytics leaders in New York and the McKinsey Customer Experience leadership team. Journey Analytics is part of McKinsey Solutions and McKinseys New Ventures.
Journey Analytics is a specialist analytics team dedicated to combining analytics, design and consulting frameworks to improve customer experience by understanding, tracking and predicting sequences of events and interactions, to create better outcomes for businesses and customers in a variety of data-rich industries. Visit us to see what our data scientists have been working on: http://www.mckinsey.com/solutions/journey-analytics
McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for and expands our investment in our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and were hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be the entrepreneurial leader that builds and owns analytics-based assets that bring the value of journey analytics to clients and their customers, at scale.
You will lead a team of specialists, data scientists and data engineers under the mentorship of solution leadership, through all stages of an engagement: defining the project, crafting the business solution, gathering and structuring data, building machine learning models, communicating business impact to senior client leaders, and being the change agent within an organization to make our recommendations a reality.
You will help business leaders answer critical questions related to customer journey mapping, customer experience transformations, digital adoption, multichannel acquisition, and other industry-specific challenges. Through diagnostics, predicting customer behaviour, tracking and prescribing interventions to journeys, training up client analytics teams and joint value capture programs, you will help clients achieve tangible improvements across every customer, patient and product journey.
Your time will be spent 60% on client delivery, 20% on asset development and 20% on client development.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d205f93374fb13a,0d205f93374fb13a,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Healthcare Implementation,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree (advanced degree preferred)
5 to 10 years work experience in designing solutions, business processes, operating models and leading large implementation programs crossing multiple functions in one, or a variety of industries
Knowledge of continuous process improvement tools including data analytics, lean methodologies, six sigma and agile and related techniques is strongly preferred
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfort with extensive travel
A major advantage would be experience with digital transformation of end-to-end journeys at scale, using multiple levers/ technologies in a cohesive way
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work closely with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended changes. In this role you will work on the best teams to help the best organizations in the world  in private, public, and social sectors  solve their most difficult problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You ensure that clients achieve bottom-line results by working with them from project initiation through implementation.
You will execute the strategy and tactics in existing businesses and in building new businesses. To accomplish this, youll focus on diagnosing barriers to successful implementation and designing interventions that achieve sustainable results.
Youll have the opportunity to conduct effective pilot improvements and then scale them up for fast results in large, complex organizations.
Youll also coach and build skills in employees, from leaders to the front line, to support their delivery of results.
Additionally, youll build and operate program and project management functions to accelerate and safeguard improvements, delivering immediate, substantial cash from operational and commercial improvements.
For more information about McKinsey Implementation, please visit:
https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/mckinsey-implementation/how-we-help-clients",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=443adbbb79bec7b9,443adbbb79bec7b9,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Service Operations Consultant,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree, MBA preferred
Up to 20 years of Service Operations and/or Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) experience in Automotive, IT/High-Tech, Insurance, Banking or Retail, Industrial/Consumer Goods sectors
At least 3 years of experience in direct implementation of service transformation
Trained thoroughly in Lean manufacturing/Six Sigma
Proof of significant lead time reduction or productivity improvement
Experience in business strategy planning a plus
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively in both English and Mandarin
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations practice in Greater China. Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As Service Operations Specialist, you will work in teams with colleagues and client staff from a wide variety of business areas to develop innovative service operations solutions, while maintaining a broad perspective.
You will also work together with other staff from our worldwide Operations Practice to further develop our concepts, while expanding your own knowledge and skills. You will bring your personal ideas and experiences to the job - thereby helping our clients to achieve competitive success, and us to continuously renew our expertise.
We offer personalized training programs to prepare you for the job and attractive conditions and career prospects, depending on your experience.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91670fe7788e9233,91670fe7788e9233,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Junior Consultant - Supply Chain Management,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Master's degree and excellent academic record required
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Initial experience in one or more of the following areas: design and implementation of logistics strategy, network design and optimization, transportation, warehouse design and optimization, supply chain planning and management processes, supply chain modeling and optimization, supply chain software
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Willing to travel and excited to take on longer international assignments
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English and in German
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations practice and will be based in Switzerland.
Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
Our Supply Chain Management service line is part of our Operations Practice and helps leading companies in all industries develop and implement future-oriented logistics strategies. We do this by making significant improvements in customer service while reducing invested capital and cost by transforming and optimizing their supply chains from end to end.
You will be part of our Operations Excellence Program (OEP), a two-year training program during which you will acquire the necessary knowledge to help companies achieve excellence in their operations. Along with other members of the OEP community, you will dedicate one day every other week to functional training and knowledge development under the leadership of our operations experts.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work with colleagues and clients to develop innovative supply chain solutions that support clients' business objectives and give them a competitive edge.
In this role you will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members.
In addition to working directly with clients, you will also work with colleagues in our worldwide Operations practice to develop and refine our approaches while expanding your own knowledge and skills. You will contribute your personal ideas and experiences to the job  thereby helping our clients to achieve competitive success and helping us to continually renew our expertise.
Your application should be in English and include a cover letter, your CV, and your transcripts (high school, university, etc.) indicating all relevant grades.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5c8dcd7fbb21251e,5c8dcd7fbb21251e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Finance Transformation Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-30,"QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years of extensive experience within operational finance (e.g. application and design of shared services and outsourcing, finance transformation, financial systems optimization, etc.)
An advanced degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business, Operations or superior academic achievement in a related field is strongly preferred
Optional - basic to intermediate experience working with automation platforms
Confident and high-energy  with the ability to effectively work in teams with those in all levels of an organization
Strong communication skills, especially around breaking down complex structures into digestible and relevant points for a diverse set of clients and colleagues, at all levels
Knowledge of industry trends, development and availability of new technologies and tools
Willingness to travel up to 80%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
At McKinsey, you can build a career out of making things happen! We assist our clients in solving the worlds toughest problems, by blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality. Our team of consultants and experts work to develop and implement strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems on a global scale.
In this role, you'll work with McKinsey's Corporate and Business Functions (CBF) practice in North America. Our CBF team works with clients to improve the productivity and performance of functions such as IT, finance, HR, procurement, legal and facilities management. We help redefine these functions and transform cross-functional processes so that organizations can deliver services such as procure-to-pay, order-to-cash, and other integrated enterprise services smoothly and efficiently. Our cross-disciplinary approach draws heavily on our experience in lean, customer-centric organizational design, IT enablement, sourcing, capability building, change management, and governance.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients optimize all elements of their finance organization, including operating model design, sustainable cost reduction, financial systems architecture, and full scale finance transformation.
In this exciting collaborative culture, not only will you have the opportunity to work directly with clients, you will also share your expertise and insights with colleagues globally, thereby expanding our knowledge and refining our approaches in the field of corporate & business functions.
You will make meaningful,hands-on contributions to multiple projects across a dynamic set of situations in a way that utilizes your deep knowledge of functional transformations. The ideal candidate will leverage automation and digital processes to help our clients realize significant performance improvements quickly. You will push both your coworkers and our clients in thinking about challenging situations in new and transformative ways.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b5503a0833530587,b5503a0833530587,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Performance Marketing Expert - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
5-10 years of experience executing and/or leading at-scale performance marketing programs for digital agencies or client marketing organizations
Strong focus on customer acquisition  managing performance marketing channels (e.g. Search, Programmatic, Social, Affiliate, Email, conversion rate optimization) and/or CLM (e.g., managing customer data, segmentation, and driving personalization of owned channels)
Deep understanding of the ad-tech ecosystem, with hands on experience with bid managers, DMPs and DSPs, leveraging 1st and 3rd party to data to drive marketing impact
Experience with marketing analytics and attribution
Data-driven thinker
Comfortable working with business, marketing and IT stakeholders
Ability to think quickly and critically on a broad range of digital marketing topics across various verticals
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to communicate with senior marketing leaders and C-level executives
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Willingness to travel
Prior experience in management consulting preferred
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work as part of McKinsey Digital, which brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses.
As part of this group, youll join a global team working on modernizing the marketing organizations of leading clients to develop best in class digital marketing and personalization capabilities. You will help clients accelerate customer acquisition and customer value in new and exciting ways leveraging digital channels, data, analytics, marketing technology, and agile marketing operating models.
Youll typically work on projects across all industries and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm. Youll work with colleagues from across the firm to help our clients launch agile marketing and personalization programs at scale, enabled by data and technology. Youll have the opportunity to plug into exciting large scale marketing and digital transformations.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide a distinctive level of subject matter expertise on how to develop and deliver digital marketing strategies that accelerate customer acquisition and customer value.
Youll have the opportunity to work directly with consulting teams to conduct assessments of client capabilities and performance, playing a significant role in team problem solving through the findings and insights from diagnostics and assessments.
You will contribute to defining the implications to the client operating model, new roles and org implications, and operating processes. You will also contribute to the strategies and solutions for marketing technology.
Leveraging your expertise, youll help to advance McKinseys overall knowledge base by contributing to and expanding our diagnostic and assessment toolkit and approach. You will develop new frameworks, approaches and techniques in addition to building on existing ones.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39b7a4f886403ed4,39b7a4f886403ed4,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Nursing Implementation Consultant,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
BSN degree; advanced degree preferred
2+ years of clinic or hospital based nursing experience and experience that includes some of the following: utilization management, workforce planning, case management, patient workflow, decision support.
Experience with change management/performance improvement efforts
Superior problem solving and analytical skills
Demonstrated experience and a passion for coaching or mentoring clients
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Comfort with extensive travel (4-5 days/week)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
At McKinsey, you can build a career out of making things happen! Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our North American offices. As a member of MI, youll work collaboratively with our client project teams, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help clients build capabilities in delivery and execution, both during an active project and continuing after our consultants have shared their recommendations.
Focused on hospital operations engagements, you will draw on your nursing experience to lead clients through hospital operation improvements such as case management operations, scheduling, customer experience, etc.
Your primary long-term projects will be closely related to our traditional projects and will provide clients with decisive support in the introduction and implementation of strategic consulting concepts in lean manufacturing, service, and supply chain management.
You will engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small McKinsey teams, but often working with many clients, to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results with an aim to ensure those results will be sustained. Our work is about coaching and delivering lasting outcomes.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9ca5f76762da7186,9ca5f76762da7186,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Analytics Consultant,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, mathematics or econometrics, economics, ops. research or any related field)
Hands-on work experience in statistical or heavy numerical analyses
Strong knowledge of statistical approaches, incl. advanced machine learning techniques (e.g., Support Vector Machines, Neural Nets, Deep Learning, Machine Learning) and/or optimization
Fluent in two or more programming languages (e.g., R, Python, Julia, SQL, GMPL, or related), and knowledge of typical frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow)
Strong multi-tasking abilities, flexibility, and patience in a fluid environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, esp. ability to describe analytic processes from start to finish in your area of expertise
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Fluency in German is required
Willingness to travel up to 80%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Zurich and will be part of Digital and Analytics McKinsey. This group is fully dedicated to working with client teams on solving our clients business problems with a strong quantitative nature. You will assist our clients on site through conducting state of the art hands-on quantitative analysis across the spectrum of marketing and sales, risk, operations, etc..
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will shape the future of what data-driven organizations look like, drive processes for extracting, analyzing and interpreting data in creative ways, and create valuable, transformative business strategies within an infinite number of clients and situations.
In this role you will apply and advise on state-of-the-art advanced analytic and quantitative tools and modeling techniques in order to derive business insights, solve complex business problems and improve decisions. You will review, support and advise on the day-to-day analytics requirements of clients key operational processes while continually improving the impact of these processes.
You will work directly on site with clients and client teams to conduct hands-on rigorous quantitative analysis as part of the overall problem solving approach. You will advise client teams on analytical options to address their specific needs, including discussing potential analytical approaches to problems, associated costs and trade-offs, and recommendations, while working with the team to translate input from quantitative analyses into specific and actionable business recommendations.
You will support clientele development through analytical approaches and support McKinsey proprietary knowledge investments via rigorous quantitative analysis, including interpreting findings and results as well as develop, in collaboration with other consultants, innovative analytical approaches. As an analytics consultant, you will be part of an internal network of all analytics colleagues, including exciting training's, and will also support internal (firm and practice) information requests as well as help build the analytics community in your local office (e.g. recruiting).",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=edcd4086547d2980,edcd4086547d2980,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Scientist Intern - Advanced Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Programming skills in at least one of the following languages: R, Python
Data preparation skills and working knowledge of SQL
Working knowledge of using Machine/Statistical Learning methods
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Working knowledge of visualizations tools, e.g. Tableau, MS Power BI, Shiny R package, or Big Data ecosystem, e.g. Hadoop, Spark, would be an advantage
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
At least Bachelor degree
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in Advanced Analytics Hub in Warsaw office for ~10 weeks, usually during summer. You'll work as part of a client project team, collaborating with our data scientists, business consultants as well as clients analysts to solve their toughest analytical problems.
When you join McKinsey as a Data Scientist Intern, you are joining the firm that will challenge your analytical working knowledge and invest heavily in your professional development. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work on teams and help the best organizations in the world  across the private, public, and social sectors  solve some of their most difficult analytical problems. You will also work with a range of experts in the firm, from data scientists to researchers to software and app designers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help shape the future of what data-driven organizations look like, drive processes for extracting and using that data in creative ways, and create new lines of thinking within an infinite number of clients and situations.
As an intern, you will drive insights generation based on descriptive, predictive & prescriptive analytics of Big Data. Together with our business translators, you will frame our clients problems into machine learning and optimization models, that you will be designing, developing & implementing with other data scientists.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c3441c3aced8d2bc,c3441c3aced8d2bc,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Analyst - Solution Delivery,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Master's degree with a business or engineering focus
3-5 years of work experience in a customer relationship management, account management or sales function, ideally in procurement/procurement consulting, business intelligence or procurement/financial data analytics
Knowledge in data engineering/data analytics tools and platforms is a plus
Digital native able to quickly understand new technologies
Strong communication and influencing skills at all levels of the organization
Ability to steer the work of de-localized teams and push key topics on the agenda with internal stakeholders as well as with clients
Very good command of English (written and spoken communication)
Willingness to travel 30-50% of the time
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with a strong delivery team located in our Knowledge Centers in Wroclaw, Poland as well as in Gurgaon, India, focused on Spend Intelligence.
Spend Intelligence is a McKinsey solution for creating insights from large procurement and product development datasets. It enables our clients to interpret datasets and make impactful decisions within their purchasing and product development organizations.
You will work with the solution leadership and development team mainly based in Western Europe and our clients and McKinsey teams around the globe.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As our Senior Solution Delivery Analyst, you will be responsible for the end to end outreach and intake process and support our consulting teams which use Spend Intelligence at their clients.
You will work with a global team of software engineers, data engineers & scientists, and procurement and product development experts to evolve Spend Intelligence while bringing it to our clients.
You will also be an important line of communication between our clients and consulting teams and our product development department to bring in feedback and new feature ideas. You'll support our reach and relevance activities, and support our consulting teams in the proposal process and bringing in new clients, run demonstrations of and training on our tools, as well as to track and maintain our funnel of client leads.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f03927cb80b29f8,3f03927cb80b29f8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Location Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's Degree
0-3 years of professional work experience
Exceptional problem-solving ability, logical reasoning, creative thinking
Comfort with numbers and the ability to untangle complex issues
Demonstrated leadership capabilities; eager to break new ground
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Very Strong Analytical and conceptual skills
Fluent in both Spanish and English (verbal and written)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in our Lima Office to work in teams and directly with our clients.
Your team colleagues will make you feel welcome and help you be at your best during client engagements. The Professional Development team will complement your experience by tailoring a learning and training program for you, considering your strengths and development needs.
When you join McKinsey as a Location Analyst, you are joining a firm that will challenge you and invest heavily in your professional development. In this role you will have the opportunity to work on teams and help the best organizations in the world  across the private, public, and social sectors  solve some of their most difficult problems, while you discover coaches, mentors, sponsors and friends in your learning program.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants in client engagements and receive extensive additional training to expand your skill set.
This 12-24 month program was created to develop talents into real leaders through research, training, mentoring and coaching sessions. During the program, a variety of top management issues will be presented to you and to your highly talented team-mates, firm colleagues from different offices and practices, and clients. The results of your work will have lasting impact on some of the largest corporations in Medellin.
Your team will be prepared to give you all the support you need to understand how we work and how we serve our clients. As you grow in this position, you can expect to gather and analyze information, formulate and test hypotheses, and develop and communicate recommendations. You will also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
You will experience exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues. This support includes a partner from your local office or practice assigned to you to help guide your career, helping you to develop your skills and build your network, as well as several weeks of formal training in your first two years.
You might work across a variety of industries and functions, your innovative and design-oriented academic focus will come in handy for all analytical thinking and problem solving with the team and you will also help your team to bring diverse perspectives for the firm projects.
You will assist client development and office-building efforts within each Spanish LATAM location and reach and relevance efforts (internal initiatives aimed at strengthening colleagues' knowledge of firm values and latest advancements through town halls, Values Day and others).
On occasion/when available, you may have geographic focused travel.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=14bf9c9a76e8ba21,14bf9c9a76e8ba21,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist - Premises Monitoring & Access Team,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-02-03,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related subject
2+ years of work experience in an IT industry is preferred
Basic networking knowledge, such as DHCP, DNS, VLAN, IPV4, Subnetting, and troubleshooting
Knowledge on security domain
Understanding of monitoring tools is preferred, such as Nagios/ITNM/Zabbix/Solarwinds, etc.
Basic knowledge of Windows OS, such as Active Directory/ SSO/Services, etc.
SQL knowledge and Crystal Reporting is preferred
Knowledge about Lenel onguard systems is preferred
Willingness to work in shifts, including night and weekend shifts
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills, and ability to set operational priorities
Ability to work well in a team environment
Distinct quality mindset and service attitude
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Strong process management background and interest in developing and optimizing processes
Fluent in English, both written and verbal
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join the San Jose office and will be part of the Operations and Reliability Engineering (ORE) - Premises Monitoring and Access Team.
This team does auditing and monitoring physical security systems implemented in McKinsey offices globally and resolves issues by either working directly with office IT colleagues or escalating special cases to advanced Security Operations Center (SOC) team as defined in procedures and documents.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support internal customers, including members of the IT support entities in various McKinsey offices.
You will closely work with the advanced firm security team based on defined escalation procedures. You will be performing auditing and monitoring of security systems such as cameras placed in various McKinsey offices, along with managing alerts and alarms received from door forced open changes, panel outages, panic button alarms, power alarms etc.
In this role, you will perform auditing and monitoring of physical security systems implemented in McKinsey offices globally. You'll provide security system application support (Lenel), troubleshoot on premise devices and access control mechanisms, and resolve issues by either working directly with office IT colleagues or escalating special cases to the Firm Security team as defined in procedures and documents.
You will also do badging and reporting of security system administration. You will be responsible for the monitoring and operation of security systems critical functions and facilities.
Finally, you'll participate in and support security system technical upgrades. You'll repair and do preventative maintenance of Lenel system, hardware and other field devices.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=50e682031499e334,50e682031499e334,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Product Development Specialist,McKinsey & Company,"Denver, CO 80202 (Lodo area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or Masters degree with Engineering/Technical background MBA degree advantageous
Up to 10 years Product Development experience acquired in Automotive, IT/High Tech, Electronics or Consumer
Experience in business strategy planning a plus
Outstanding record of academic achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Fluent in English and Mandarin a must
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations practice in one of our offices in Greater China (Beijing, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Taipei). Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
McKinseys Product Development Service Line is committed to helping clients develop products that fit market needs, produce attractive margins, provide platforms for add-on offerings, and enhance the reputation of brands for future business growth. Our work in product development includes developing, defining, and implementing strategies that help clients make lasting improvements to their innovation and business performance.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work with colleagues and clients from a wide variety of business areas to develop innovative product development solutions, while maintaining a broad perspective.
You will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members.
You will also work together with other colleagues from our worldwide Operations Practice to further develop our concepts, whilst expanding your own knowledge and skills. You will bring your personal ideas and experiences to the job - thereby helping our clients to achieve competitive success, and us to continuously renew our expertise.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2096e7b1b87d1f5,f2096e7b1b87d1f5,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Forensics Analyst,McKinsey & Company,New Jersey,2020-01-30,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree required; Master's degree preferred in digital forensics, cybersecurity, computer science or computer information systems, or equivalent military experience
3 years of experience working with IT security with a forensics or incident response specialty
Understanding of forensics methodologies, principles and processes, and in-depth knowledge of computer incident handling and response processes including responding to malware-related events
Technical knowledge of computer operating systems, file structures, file artifacts, network architecture, and computer hardware components required
Experience using commercial and open-source tools in conducting in-depth digital computer forensic examinations of digital media and data storage systems
Process management background with a keen interest in process development
Ability to manage SOPs, process adherence by teams and an eye for continuous improvement
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience handling multiple operating systems (Windows, UNIX, Linux, etc.) and various databases including SQL, Oracle
Knowledge of Cloud-based systems like Azure, AWS including cloud-hosted applications, technologies, and methodologies are preferred
Working knowledge and understanding of the following: Active Directory, Windows servers, Linux systems, MS Exchange, IBM Domino
Technical problem-solving skills and ability to think outside the box to solve complex requests
Strong analytical and logical skills
Technical or professional certifications preferred: GSEC, CCE
Functional certifications preferred: GCIA, GCIH, GCFA, EnCe
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join our Waltham office and be part of the Security Operations Center (SOC), in collaboration with fellow forensics analysts, security analysts, and other IT security specialists.
You will work with other global SOC members, and other technology team members including security specialists, information technology partners, in-house counsel, compliance and cyber risk officers, privacy and external service providers. The SOC is a 24/7 global organization within McKinsey that performs internal security monitoring, detection and response organization tasked with detecting and responding to threats on the McKinsey network.
You'll work with the Forensics team who conduct digital investigations into a variety of case types from internal allegations to determining the cause of security incidents.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You'll participate in the day-to-day digital forensics operations to ensure the effective and efficient delivery of digital forensics services, including those related to the preservation, collection, investigation, of digital information.
In this role, you'll work closely with the security incident response team, legal team, human resources, compliance, technology and operations. Youll contribute to the oversight and execution of digital forensics process improvements to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and to meet existing and future demands.
You'll be responsible for identifying the facts of their investigations and conveying those findings with the intention of remediating security incidents, improving McKinsey's policies and security posture where possible. You'll serve as a subject matter expert on digital forensics topics. Lastly, you will provide consultation and perform digital forensics cases, including, forensic collections, digital forensics for incident response, Data Archival and Storage.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73403c952f20c226,73403c952f20c226,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Digital Designer,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-02-04,"QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in interaction design, interface design, human computer interaction, or related field preferred
5+ years of relevant industry experience designing experiences, websites, and digital products that balance user needs, business objectives, and technological constraints
Highly developed knowledge of user-centric design
Detailed understanding of and experience in consulting on current best practice for UX, UI, and IA for desktop and mobile products
Strong knowledge of design best-practice for responsive websites
Interaction design skills, including use of a diverse set of software such as Sketch, Adobe CS, Invision, or comparable tools
Excellent knowledge of rapid prototyping tools such as Sketch, Axure, Invision or Flinto
Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite especially Excel and Powerpoint.
Experience working with project management software such as Basecamp and Trello.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in San Jose and a member of the Communications Design team responsible for mckinsey.com and associated digital communications. You will be part of a global team that is distributed across New York, Austin, San Francisco, Portland, and San Jose, Costa Rica.
You will work directly with the global Communications & Branding team, as well as, the local web/digital editors, and the design, production, and brand communications teams in Costa Rica.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help build our brand and reputation through digital communications and will be primarily responsible for designing highly engaging and impactful digital experiences and content within mckinsey.com.
In this role, you will provide digital expertise to consult on projects and execute a diverse range of projects for McKinseys digital publishing and communications via our web sites, native app, and social media. You will provide the UX, IA, and visual design expertise necessary to develop the highest quality digital content and experiences and advocate for best-practice UX and UI design.
You will create visual designs and craft graphical assets that will be our on-brand.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c6fbfdd40a805b59,c6fbfdd40a805b59,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Analytic Support Agent,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
2+ years of experience in a similar role
Very strong analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills
Outstanding communication and people skills
Ability to clarify and translate business requirements into scalable solutions
Efficient collaboration and time management skills
Very strong customer service attitude and a high level of professionalism
In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Good understanding of relational databases
Previous experience with Tableau, Alteryx, PowerBI, R/R-Studio, Python, Jupyter, DataBricks is an advantage
Superior command of the English language
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our San Jose, Costa Rica office as part of our global information technology team. As part of a global team, you will collaborate with specialists located in Dusseldorf, Manila, Prague and Toronto.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide analytic support to colleagues from all over the world.
In this role you'll receive time-critical requests, with a clear analytical focus. Most of these requests are solved live over the phone or via screen sharing sessions. They range from simple functional questions to complex data modelling. You'll measure your success based on how effectively internal employees achieve their goals.
Your competitive advantage is a strong team environment which will help you deliver top tier results. All colleagues around the world are engaged in assisting one another whenever appropriate. Knowledge sharing is embedded in our teams culture as we build off and learn from each others expertise.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=862ac2af7f86d27c,862ac2af7f86d27c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - McKinsey Regulatory Center,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced graduate degree in Economics. Additional or combined degree in law (e.g., competition law) is a plus but not required
Outstanding records of academic and managerial or professional achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Work experience in competition and/or regulation will be considered an asset (e.g. experience at DG Competition, in a law firm or economic consultancy)
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English. Knowledge of French and/or Dutch is a plus
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in our Brussels office as part of the McKinsey Regulatory Center (MRC) which has recently been launched by McKinsey. This new competence center in Brussels has deep knowledge and a global network of experts that are dedicated to help our clients on merger clearance, state aid cases and anti-trust (such as allegations of abuse of dominant positions). They come from various backgrounds (e.g. competition lawyers, European Commission).
When you join McKinsey as an Associate, you are joining a firm that will challenge you and invest heavily in your professional development. In this role you will have the opportunity to work on teams and help the best organizations in the world  across the private, public, and social sectors  solve some of their most difficult problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will make an important contribution to the analysis, design, and implementation of business performance approaches, developing tailor-made solutions and working closely with clients to ensure positive impact and sustainable results.
You will typically work in teams of 3  5 consultants to help clients achieve new performance highs.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing recommendations for presentation to client management. From there, you will implement those recommendations with client team members.
Youll also gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Consultants receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=26f6e99cdcac5b70,26f6e99cdcac5b70,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Chief Accountant,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree and excellent academic record required
Advanced degree preferred
Minimum of 4-5 years experience in similar environment
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively
Ability to communicate effectively - both verbally and in writing - in English as well as French
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in our Paris office as part of our Finance and Accounting department.
You will work directly with Finance managers, client service team leaders, and colleagues within client finance and across several administrative functions within the firm.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be responsible of the General Accounting department (USGAAP and French GAAP). In doing so, you will manage a small team of 2-3 people, providing training and coaching on relevant tools, as appropriate.
You will participate in all month end activities related to cut-off activities, including Fixed assets, salary accruals in cooperation with the payroll department. You will supervise team activities on accounting (payables, client, tax, employees, etc) both locally and in collaboration with SSC. You will forecast and manage the treasury. You will be compliant of our local and firm policies related to our activities and processes, among other specific tasks.
You will also be involved in the annual statutory closing of the different entities in France, their tax returns and any other administrative/financial reports. You will be in contact with our internal and external audit for compliancy. You will serve as liaison between local administrative personnel and shared service centers, as appropriate. You will also prepare ad-hoc analyses and regional/global special project support as needed.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dff80d3c01920ba8,dff80d3c01920ba8,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Practice Manager - Global Philanthropy (Temporary Role - 4 M...,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-28,"QUALIFICATIONS
Advanced degree
8-10+ years of professional work experience, including meaningful experience in a management capacity. Exact responsibilities will be calibrated to experience of the candidate.
Understanding of the public and social sector
Meticulous attention to detail and strong follow-up
Ability to work effectively with individuals from all levels across the organization, including senior leaders
Ability to continuously prioritize and multi-task given competing demands and deadlines
Ability to handle both developing a high-level strategic approach and then execute on operational details
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work in Atlanta, Chicago, New York, San Francisco or Washington, DC and will be part of our global Philanthropy service line.
This group works with private foundations, corporate foundations, high net worth individuals, and non-profit organizations to set up new foundations and philanthropic initiatives. This team also implements new organization-wide strategies, defines strategies within a vertical program area, develops transformative initiatives, and helps ensure the success of high priority grantees.
In this role, you will work closely with global leaders in the Public and Social Sector practice. You will also coordinate and collaborate with a global community of consultants who are interested in philanthropy.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be a driving force for our work in the Philanthropy service line and will help support its growth and success across 6 areas.
In this role youll help set and execute on priorities for client development. This will include identifying overseeing and coordinating proposal responses, supporting local offices leading client development opportunities, and planning bi-annual sessions to reflect on client development approaches.
Advising client service teams and consultants on philanthropy topics is a critical part of this role. You will guide teams to all philanthropy-related resources, including specific knowledge documents, capabilities, and experts. You will also help maintain philanthropy-related resources, including example proposals and knowledge documents.
You will work with senior leaders to codify new knowledge, proactively reaching out to teams to build case studies and best practice documents and refreshing materials for global meetings to highlight the best of our knowledge and capabilities.
You will be the focal point of a network of consultants passionate about philanthropy. Working closely with other managers, you will also help prepare for global trainings that showcase the capabilities in the philanthropic space. You will also build relationships with local offices interested in philanthropy.
Bolstering the internal and external profile of the Philanthropy service line will be critical. You will work with the External Relations team to develop an annual plan for external outreach. You will also stay abreast of the latest thinking from key external sources (think tanks, universities) and build, maintain, and leverage a network of external relationships as helpful.
It will be important to build and maintain robust infrastructure to support the work of the service line to ensure that philanthropy leaders have a clear understanding of the current performance and overall trends. This will include tracking and monitoring expenses and compiling reports on the growth.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56f02e31a460610d,56f02e31a460610d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Sourcing Recruiter,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years of relevant recruiting experience at an executive search firm, within a talent acquisition organization, proactive recruitment agency or in-house sourcing function in a corporate environment
Entrepreneurial mindset, comfortable working with minimal direction and proactively takes initiative within a globally dispersed team
Passion for contact with candidates and exceptional relationship building and influencing skills to proactively network and build connections
Demonstrated research experience and expert user of Boolean search methodology and other sourcing tools
Well versed in managing multiple client relationships
Ability to work successfully in an ever-changing environment and navigate ambiguity
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join our Firm Services Professional (FSP) recruiting team in either Chicago or Waltham, MA.
This group is a key part of McKinseys global recruitment function, with a focus on non-consulting roles across key client groups that support the firms success from an internal perspective.
A few of these key client groups include Risk, Legal, Compliance, Finance, People and Communications & Publishing. With a high level of internal demand and sponsorship from global leadership, this is an exciting time to join our growing global team.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will partner with internal clients and senior recruiters to deliver top talent to the firm through leveraging market intelligence and industry trends to plan, coordinate and drive the development of diverse and highly qualified candidate pipelines for current and forecasted hiring needs.
You will Identify high quality passive talent through you'll using primary sources (phone conversations with colleagues and well-connected professionals), in addition to internet research pulling together data from a range of sources including publicly available information and internal CRM. You'll also create ongoing reports and synthesize data to communicate progress and trends to team, often including partners through discussion, email, reports, etc.
You'll be involved in firm wide talent research and intelligence gathering initiatives. You will help to create detailed talent and company reports, and you'll have the opportunity to develop a wide breadth of industry and company knowledge to support thoughtful talent research in a variety of practice areas
Additionally, you will clearly articulate and share the McKinsey value proposition with prospects and conduct phone screens to determine where they would be best placed and match against specific role requirements.
In this role you will have an opportunity to work across boundaries (geography, industry and level), work autonomously and collaborate with peers around the world to explore talent networks, develop creative sourcing solutions and participate in meaningful projects to evolve the sourcing function.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=78bd72f804547f26,78bd72f804547f26,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Knowledge Analyst,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Master's degree in engineering (preferred) or economics
3-5 years of research experience in industries or consulting firms
Strong problem-solving skills and conceptual abilities with an analytical mindset, (financial) modeling skills advantageous
Excellent business acumen and understanding of the main business, economic and financial concepts and terminology
Ability to collect, analyze, and synthesize of information and knowledge
Strong multitasking abilities, service-oriented personality, intellectual curiosity and an investigative mind
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Excellent communication skills in Japanese (native level) and English. Knowledge of an additional Asian language advantageous
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join our local Japanese knowledge team in Tokyo
Youll be part of our global knowledge network, which includes more than 1,800 knowledge professionals who work alongside our consultants and clients to generate distinctive insights and proprietary knowledge. You will work with this group to help develop, codify, sanitize, and manage our global knowledge portal, which includes more than 50,000 documents that form the backbone of our firm's knowledge management.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will leverage a solid understanding of business trends, issues, and concepts to efficiently respond to complex research questions by delivering synthesized, actionable facts and insights to our consulting teams and clients.
You will work alongside consultants on larger client projects and internal knowledge initiatives. By collecting and analyzing data and information found in databases and/or other primary and secondary research tools, you will assemble a fact base, counsel consultants, and clients on the scope of the business and economic trends surrounding the issue. Additionally, you will provide insights and analysis for solving client problems at hand.
Some of your day-to-day tasks will include identifying the key issues for the problem at hand and determining the most appropriate solution while effectively balancing quality, availability, timeliness, and cost factors. Youll perform a variety of analyses such as bench marking, trend identification, industry profiling, market sizing, growth projections, and opportunity scanning in order to add value to problem-solving discussions. Youll also provide synthesis, insight and client implications within tight deadlines via end products in the form of PowerPoint charts, written memos, models, and framework. In time, you will participate in, and eventually lead, internal knowledge development and capability-building initiatives. Lastly, youll use advanced analytics tools to prepare and analyze large data sets to distill insights.
Your application should be in English and include a cover letter, your CV, and your transcripts (high school, university, etc.) indicating all relevant grades.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c1ba67aa1bab2dd,7c1ba67aa1bab2dd,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Expert - Steel,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree, ideally in Engineering; Advanced degree preferred
5-10 years of experience in the steel industry with a distinctive record of achievement or expertise in steel manufacturing, procurement, research and development, marketing and sales, trading or Capex
In-depth understanding of the development trends in the steel industry is an advantage
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Mobile and excited to take on longer international assignments
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English and Chinese
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in one of our offices in Greater China. You will be working with a unique blend of industry, functional, and regional expertise to help steel companies solve their most important and complex problemsand deliver fundamental, measurable, and lasting performance improvement.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will help steel leaders hone strategy, transform operational performance and organizational effectiveness, and deliver step-change improvements right across the value chainfrom resource efficiency to capital productivity to marketing.
In this role youll work to improve iron/steel making end-to-end production cost saving as well as optimize plant procurement processes for clients. Youll attack equipment loss or production quality loss to build equipment management systems and improve the product quality. You will identify the main improvement opportunities and actions and deliver recommendations to senior clients and front-line managers.
Youll manage new steel product initiatives, develop product strategies and manage launch processes according to the market and customer needs. Youll also help clients with marketing and sales transformations, market analyses, and go-to-market strategies.
Youll maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry trends and competitor offerings, and youll have the chance to continuously learn about technological development in the industry.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4d1ede7aff577d57,4d1ede7aff577d57,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Specialist  Oil & Gas  Petroleum Asset EXcellence (PAX) Up...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree, ideally in Petroleum Engineering or closely related specialty; Post graduate qualifications in business is advantageous
8+ years of experience working within an Oil & Gas company, either at an operator or service provider/OFSC Upstream focused (e.g., reservoir engineering, production optimization, drilling and completions, well intervention, services and facilities)
Strong background in project management and/or asset management for onshore or offshore assets
Exposed to different commercial agreements across different assets and various JV partners (national or international)
Strong business insight, impressive career development, and outstanding performance track record
Experience participating in or leading operational improvement projects
Excellent written and oral English communication skills are required
Flexibility to travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based out of our Amsterdam or Oslo office and will be part of the Petroleum Asset eXcellence (PAX) unit within McKinsey's Oil & Gas practice.
Your work will directly contribute to increasing the value of Upstream assets and turnaround operational performance. McKinsey's renowned advisory, combined with specialized expertise in reservoir / well management, drilling, production optimization, onshore / offshore operations and asset management, allows PAX to integrate with the existing asset team to address current business and performance challenges - to maximize and realize the intrinsic value of the asset, whilst improving capabilities and sustaining change.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will apply your industry experience to support clients and provide expertise and support to our client teams.
In this role you will work as a team member for specific client (Oil & Gas) operations, transformation and improvement programs with direct contact to key members of client organizations. You will provide analytical support to teams, through the development and application of our proprietary Oil & Gas models.
Additionally, you'll work closely with client executives, traditional McKinsey client service teams, and sector teams to develop recommendations based on the findings and ultimately drive implementation and change. You will participate in, or at times lead, key internal knowledge-building initiatives as well as conferences and client workshops.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=948df7c3c7f53748,948df7c3c7f53748,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Research Analyst - Pharmaceutical and Medical Products,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
MSc or PhD degree in in business administration, engineering or life science
Good understanding of economic, financial, and general business concepts and terminology
Industry or prior consulting experience especially in pharma commercial, R&D or consumer health topics will be a big plus
Strong IT skills, including proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint
Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and quantitative skills
Knowledge of analytical tools or programming languages (like: R, SQL, Alteryx) is a plus
Excellent communication skills, fluency in English
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Strong work ethic and can do attitude
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work based out of the McKinsey Office in either Wroclaw, Poland or Dusseldorf, Germany.
Within our Pharmaceuticals & Medical Products (PMP) Practice, youll be part of our teams global PMP Intelligence team which consists of around 100 professionals across analytics, knowledge, and capability and insights. As a Research Analyst or Junior Research Analyst, you would be part of our Capability and Insights sub-group, with an opportunity to balance client service via our client service teams with knowledge and capability development.
We have colleagues in major hubs in Waltham, New Jersey, New York, London, Dusseldorf, Brussels, Poland, India, Japan, and China. We believe the PMP Intelligence Team has exciting years ahead with the ability to expand our service offering to internal and external clients; to meaningfully develop and advance our portfolio of proprietary analytical and knowledge assets, and to play a bigger role in externalizing our knowledge and broadening our networks.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will develop industry analyses, keep up to date with industry developments and help our consultants apply cutting-edge industry knowledge to client problem-solving.
As a Research Analyst with focus on the pharmaceutical industry, in some instances, you will serve clients directly on your topics of expertise. You will deliver high-quality work by independently delivering against parts of a workstream, managing own deliverables or proposing additional relevant analytics and avenues of research.
On a day to day basis, you will be working with different client project teams and will help them solve different client problems across different functions.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e93dd5fd1a026a5d,e93dd5fd1a026a5d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Specialist, Social Media (Activation Strategy)",McKinsey & Company,"Houston, TX 77075 (Southeast area)",2020-01-24,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree required
5+ years of experience in social media, digital media and brand marketing
Experience working in a professional services environment
Expert knowledge of social media channels including but not limited to LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube
Knowledge of social media measurement and metrics
Exceptional organization and project management skills with the ability to juggle multiple priorities in a fast-changing environment
Articulate and confident communicator with excellent writing skills
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will join us in New York and work closely with our Global Manager of Social Media.
This team drives a social media activation program for McKinsey firm members that includes tools, training, online resources, and internal communications.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
In this role, you will be responsible for increasing adoption of social media for professional purposes by McKinsey firm members while helping to build awareness of social media policies, guidelines and best practices.
You will build awareness of the employee activation program through internal newsletters, meetings, and presentations. This will also require you to stay current with the latest developments in employee activation and social media marketing.
You will serve as an articulate champion of professional engagement on social platforms while also understanding the value of guardrails and enabling technologies.
Additionally, you will measure the ROI of the program by leveraging data from multiple sources, while also maintaining vendor relationships, and continuously improving internal documentation (e.g., best practice guides).",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5173a492fb50a41e,5173a492fb50a41e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Cloud Architect - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or masters degree; or equivalent work experience
8+ years of experience in software engineering, with 3+ years, focused on cloud solutions
Experience with Azure cloud a MUST
Broad experience across a few software development languages (e.g., Python, Go, Java, C#) and in-depth skills with infrastructure automation tools (Terraform, Ansible, CloudFormation, ARM templates)
Hands-on experience with networking design and principles (e.g., network segmentation, firewall rules, routing, etc.)
Experience in container technologies like Docker / Kubernetes a plus
Experience with engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, and application security
Knowledge of Agile software development process
Certification as a cloud architect inAzure a plus
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Excellent communication and presentation skills with a high degree of comfort in speaking with senior executives
Willing to travel up to 80%
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinsey Digital Labs in one of our North American offices.
McKinsey Digital brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses. As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm.
Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work collaboratively in small teams and iterate through design and development to deliver production grade cloud native solutions across multiple providers and toolsets.
In this role, you will employ agile methodologies, infrastructure best practices, and security controls to quickly provide our clients with the solutions they need. You will help combine the latest technologies together with traditional enterprise software products.
As a Cloud Architect, you will be a leader in the team with responsibilities that range from driving the architecture design and technology decisions to developing the cloud infrastructure through automation. You will have experience designing architecture with security, high availability, and operational ease in mind, all in the service of delivering best in class production grade software solutions across a breadth of different platforms and technologies. You will play a key role not only in delivery of infrastructure and products but also in counseling our clients with respect to their needs in the cloud.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cb8b651e18af99d2,cb8b651e18af99d2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,UI Architect - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
10+ years of experience in software industry with start-up mindset, experience in leading teams
Ability to create UX documentation (transaction flows, scenarios, wire frames, navigation models, prototypes, user interaction specifications) to communicate concepts and designs
Experienced in organizing and building UI modules, working closely with UX or more visually-focused designers/CSS developers
Strong experience in HTML5, CSS3 (SASS, LESS etc. - any), JavaScript, Responsive Development (Media Queries/Bootstrap etc. - any)
Experience with CSS pre-processors, preferably Sass
Experience with MV- frameworks (AngularJS, ReactJS, or similar) and knowledge of common JavaScript design patterns, OOJS
Exposure to UI development using native mobile platforms (Java / Kotlin / Swift)
Expert level knowledge on React or AngularJS along with setting up frontend build systems and automating the same using Grunt / Gulp/ similar build systems
Ability to work with continuous integration and delivery
Experience working with UI designers and converting designs to visual elements
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in our Bangalore office and will be part of Digital McKinsey.
Digital McKinsey brings together the best of McKinseys digital capabilities to help our clients use digital technology to transform their businesses. As part of this group, youll join a global team working on everything from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation. Youll typically work on projects across all industries and functions and will be fully integrated with the rest of our global firm. Youll also work with colleagues from across McKinsey & Company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics.
Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with our world-class engineering and program teams to build products and solutions for internal and external clients.
In this role you will be involved in leading agile implementation and transformation projects. As a core member of the McKinsey consulting team, you will have responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that our craft stays on the leading edge of technology.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f750e251d809f88c,f750e251d809f88c,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Business Analyst - Operations,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Engineering or Operations discipline (Masters degree preferred)
Outstanding record of academic achievement
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Strong interest and passion for operations topics including manufacturing, lean production, product development, supply chain, purchasing and supply management and/or service-oriented operations
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively in English and Mandarin
Comfort with extensive travel
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be working with McKinseys Operations practice in China. Our Operations practice assists our clients in solving complex operational challenges. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement operational strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As Operations Business Analyst, you will play an active role in identifying issues, forming hypotheses, designing and conducting analyses, synthesizing conclusions into recommendations, and helping to implement change.
Additionally, a strong emphasis is placed on your ability to coach and build capabilities across a wide range of clients, from shop floor workers to top executives. Operations Business Analysts gain leading-edge operations and consulting skills primarily through on-the-job apprenticing while working on client and knowledge development projects reinforced through structured training programs.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fae75e07da1a9db2,fae75e07da1a9db2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Specialist, Hospital/Healthcare Capital Projects & Infrastru...",McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-18,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Engineering or architecture, advanced degree preferred
3-5 years professional experience in capital projects and infrastructure, preferable exposure to hospital and healthcare projects.
Deep interest and/or exposure to the way hospitals allocate building, capital, and special expenditure
Significant experience working on CapEx construction projects, Project Management experience preferred
High level of entrepreneurship, professionalism and presence to succeed in a team-based setting on the ground with clients
Enjoy hands-on change management and operational implementation involving multiple stakeholders across a hospital organization
Strong problem skills with the ability to quickly process complex information and present it clearly and simply during change transformation efforts with clients
Experience and appetite in analytics and quantitative/data analysis and ideally in the health care sector
Comfortable traveling up to 80% of the week to a client site
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be a part of our Provider Performance Improvement (PPI), a group within our Healthcare Systems & Services practice. Provider Performance Improvement helps hospitals implement strategies, operating models, and organizational enhancements that sustain improvements in quality of care and boost cost effectiveness.
You'll work in teams to collaborate as experts in the bottom-up design, design optimization, risk management, contracting and procurement, construction management, and the ramp-up of production processes in capital-intensive healthcare projects.
You will likely carry out lean construction project implementations and capability building. As part of this, you'll develop short and long term capability-building plans for all relevant levels of client leadership and McKinsey client service teams, with anticipated deliverables, outcomes, and required resources.
We bring the best from both our Capital & Instructure Practice and our Healthcare Systems & Services practice, leveraging operational and analytical skills to help executives meet these challenges. Our teams have served market-leading institutions as well as hospitals embarking on large-scale performance transformations.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be actively engaged with front-line client teams involved in the construction of new healthcare facilities in all the stages: strategic alignment, design, procurement and execution.
In this role you will leverage your expertise to take ownership of tenure-appropriate client relationships and guide clients through appropriate syndication discussions as well as longer-term front-line implementation projects. For example, if working on a procurement project, you will use your existing operational or process expertise in procurement to weigh in knowledgeably with clients on how procurement choices can impact patient experience, medical effectiveness and total project cost. .
You will deliver the necessary analysis to inform the problem-solving process. You will translate this analysis into actionable insights for your client teams to drive value capture.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae6c362da89af486,ae6c362da89af486,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Product Manager,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors/University degree
8-10 years relevant functional experience and, 5 year + in a project/program management role
Demonstrated record of high-level thought leadership, problem-solving and program management success
Strong record of building, leading and developing high-performing teams
Strong sense of entrepreneurship and tolerance for ambiguity
Outstanding client relationship skills
Procure-to-pay and product experience are desirable
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Miramar, FL and be part of McKinsey Optimize, the function that delivers distinctive, positive and productive experiences through various services ranging from travel, events, real estate, sourcing, technology, and purchasing.
You will work closely with the Director of Change and Engagement, and the Optimize Communications and Helpdesk teams and others to align adoption & support strategy for new products(s), features and enhancements.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will oversee the management of a range of technology programs by the departments product managers and lead business optimization initiatives to improve processes and spend globally, from a technology solutions perspective.
You will co-create the global Optimize technology vision and portfolio strategy, with the Director and ensure that team is aligned on global vision, strategy and priorities. You also will manage, support and coach product teams to ensure continued alignment with portfolio vision.
An important part of your role will be to guide product managers in the development and implementation of product road maps and other critical steps.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=76684964ffe5df97,76684964ffe5df97,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Experience Designer - McKinsey Design,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor or Master degree in Interaction Design, Interface Design, Human Computer Interaction, Human Centered Computing or Engineering, Fine Arts, or Graphic Design with emphasis on UX or equivalent qualification
5+ years relevant experience, preferably in a client facing setting, designing applications, experiences, websites, products and services that balance user needs, business objectives and technological constraints
Experience collaborating and problem solving with a cross-functional team, including a variety of stakeholders across business functions and levels
Holistic and human centered approach to product and service design, from research and insight generation to concept to deliverable
Demonstrated capabilities of a hands-on practitioner proven through a diverse body of work using visual design software (Adobe CS, Sketch, Flinto and Principle), rapid prototyping tools (InVision) and research tools (AirTable, Tableau, Google Analytics). Animation and video production/editing abilities a plus.
Experience with Agile software development processes and methodologies
Strong influencing, negotiation and communication skills (written, verbal, presentation) with the ability to be a thought partner/ coach to clients and internal team
Entrepreneurial spirit with the ability to adapt, self-organize and define your own tasks in an ever-changing environment
Results-oriented with a strong emphasis on collaboration and a positive attitude
Passion for evangelizing design and elevating our design practice both internally and externally
Willingness to travel approximately 75% of the time to client sites
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our New York office as part of McKinsey Design.
McKinsey Design drives client growth by delivering breakthrough physical and digital products, customer experiences, and design-led innovation. Our approach is multi-disciplinary, combining out of the box creativity with the analytical rigor of McKinsey to innovate at scale and speed across private, public and social sectors. Our highly-skilled, cross-functional team of designers, business strategists and agile developers deliver service concepts, experiential prototypes and go-to-market products to transform clients' businesses.
Our Design team offers the breadth and experience of 350+ world-class design talent from LUNAR Design, Veryday and McKinseys homegrown experience design practice. At McKinsey Design, we bring a diverse community of designers and innovators passionate about getting in the minds of our customers and elevating design capabilities to the forefront of business decisions, impact and results.
Our unique studio culture is casual and social, with an emphasis on knowledge building and innovation. We have the freedom experiment, work iteratively, and are constantly learning and growing. Our community emphasizes the importance of mentorship, collaboration and propelling the value of good design.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will apply the human centered design approach on a variety of projects that integrate digital designs into products, services and environments. You will be responsible for key design deliverables across a variety of stages and client priorities, from research and insight generation to concept and delivery.
As a member of our team, you will join in our significant and serious efforts to embed design into strategic problems. On your projects, you will work on blended cross functional teams and will tackle all aspects of the design process. You will think creatively and strategically, dissecting business problems and using design methodologies to develop innovative outcomes.
To gain user insights, you will utilize qualitative and quantitative research and testing, persona development, customer journeys, and service blueprints. To communicate your findings, you will engage our clients with your storytelling and narration skills, leveraging a variety of verbal and visual methods (e.g. storyboards, wireframes, prototypes, etc).
You will leverage all forms of visual design capabilities to prototype and iterate on UX/UI design that represent a realistic feel of the intended user experience, including sketching, information architecture, wireframes and user flows. You will lead these usability testing sessions, synthesize findings and iteratively integrate them into design solutions.
You'll also participate in interactive workshops and concept sprints to inject design thinking tools and methodologies to produce tangible results in a rapid and iterative way with our clients. Throughout the design process, you'll work closely with client teams to communicate the product vision, ensure that design specifications are implemented, and strengthen your clients capabilities through coaching and sharing of design best practices.
In your role as Senior Experience Designer, you will have a platform to build mentor and mentee relationships and contribute to our community culture at McKinsey Design. Your experience will be multi-disciplinary, working side by side with designers, engineers, business strategists and clients. You will be fully immersed in the convergence of design, human behavior, business and technology, and you will be part of a team that is truly transformative in the way it thinks, acts and impacts our clients.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae136e754d7a7db3,ae136e754d7a7db3,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Customer Service Advisor - Visual Graphics & Media - English...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-24,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree
Excellent English language skills (min. C1 level)
Customer service experience from call/contact centre; exposure to ticketing system would be a plus
Previous exposure to working with databases (data entry and basic reporting)
Ability to work and communicate effectively with various professionals of all levels
Open to working in shifts
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Poznan, Poland and will be part of our Visual Graphics & Media team.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will provide the first line of support - in English - to incoming requests for our Visual Graphics & Media team.
You will answer calls, reply to emails and respond to chat messages for requests such as e.g. checking statuses of orders or explaining processes and procedures. Your role will be to solve ~80% of straightforward queries and forward more complex ones to our second line support, if needed.
You will also process and report client's escalations, monitor timelines (Service Level Agreements) as well as communicate internally with other teams located in India and Costa Rica.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ddead9f14ba938f7,ddead9f14ba938f7,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Scientist - EMEA Advanced Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Experience and knowledge of modeling techniques in statistics, econometrics, and/or optimization
Experience in mathematical software, databases, programming languages, and comfortable working with large data sets (R/SAS/Python/SQL or others)
University degree with focus on quantitative methods/ econometrics/ statistics/ mathematics or related degree programs
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to independently disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions
Prior experience in a multi-national environment (as an asset)
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and with people at all levels in an organization
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing, in English
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our EMEA Advanced Analytics group in Wroclaw, co-located with our Knowledge Center colleagues. As a member of this team, youll work with McKinsey clients and consulting teams to carry out complex data analysis and modeling, creating a foundation for sound recommendations for client studies and internal projects.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Leveraging your expertise in analysis and methodology, youll take part in projects with our clients and consultants by creating complex mathematical and economic models.
You will develop prototypes in R, SAS, Python, SQL, Excel, conduct statistical analyses. Youll often be responsible for the entire analytical process  from task definition to the implementation and interpretation of results to the delivery to the client.
Youll collaborate with McKinsey consultants and with clients, discussing the results constructively in continuous search of the best possible solution. You will gain insights into many industries, methodologies, and management topics on an ongoing basis.
You'll contribute to knowledge development through special projects, both with client teams and on a stand-alone basis.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9fc6d612522d04f,e9fc6d612522d04f,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Editor,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
At least 8-10 years professional experience in business writing and editing, including online publishing and digital media, preferably for a business publication or a professional-services firm
Bachelors degree required; advanced degree preferred.
Solid understanding of general business concepts; knowledge of one or more industry sectors
Strong editorial judgment; ability to rapidly absorb complex ideas and distill them into accessible copy for global audiences
Excellent phone manner (since many of your interactions will be phone-based)
Ability to confidently and tactfully engage with senior staff and subject-matter experts; skill at achieving consensus and moving projects forward
Willingness to be edited by peers and to receive and act on feedback
Exceptional organizational skills; ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, manage complex processes, and meet both short-term and long-term deadlines
Ability to work independently in a low-structure environment and to deal with ambiguity; willingness to proactively seek guidance when appropriate
Positive attitude and team orientation
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll join us in Atlanta, Boston or New York and be a critical part of Global Editorial Services (GES), McKinseys largest publishing group.
GES is a 30-person team of editors and production staff. As a GES editor, youll work with McKinsey authors around the world to develop and publish distinctive content across an array of print and digital platforms, including McKinsey.com, the McKinsey on series of publications (e.g., McKinsey on Finance, McKinsey on Risk), and the McKinsey Insights app.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will strive to create an engaging, inspiring experience for authors by helping them develop a powerful editorial product that will make an impact on their clients.
Youll work closely with McKinsey authorstypically senior consultants and industry/functional expertsto produce articles, white papers, blog posts, videos, podcasts, and other editorial products covering business topics, often in a specific industry sector (e.g., banking, healthcare, energy) or function (e.g., strategy, marketing, operations). Youll act as both thought partner and service provider, working with authors to create publishing strategies, develop strong storylines, and produce compelling drafts.
You will shape raw content (e.g., a PowerPoint presentation, an outline, speaker notes) into a range of editorial products, coordinating with colleagues in GES and other McKinsey publishing groups to ensure that your projects are completed, approved, produced, and published to deadline.
Additionally, youll be expected to develop an active professional network within the firmin particular, to build relationships with practice managers and knowledge experts, and become familiar with the publishing priorities of one or more industry/functional practices. You will stay up-to-date on business news and trends. Youll also travel occasionally to attend GES professional-development sessions.
In addition to submitting your resume and cover letter, please include two business-related writing samples. Your cover letter should include a thoughtful and in-depth answer to the following question: Whats one example of a company or organization that you think has used digital media effectively, and why?",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5f12cd9c4873e452,5f12cd9c4873e452,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Implementation Consultant - Procurement,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree (advanced degree preferred)
3+ years of global purchasing experience for a large organization, preferred in an operating/line role, change management role or continuous improvement role
Experience designing end-to-end procurement strategies and history of leading sustainable high impact sourcing approaches
Experience with traditional IT solutions and integrated business planning, web based solutions
Expertise in basic materials, chemicals, health care, high tech, oil & gas, or pharmaceuticals is preferred
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Comfort with extensive travel (4-5 days a week)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
At McKinsey, you can build a career out of making things happen! Youll be working with McKinsey Implementation  a rapidly growing capability for our firm  in one of our offices in North America. As a member of MI, youll work in a collaborative culture, working closely with our client project teams solving their toughest problems, providing end-to-end support to ensure the clients are able to deliver and sustain the full benefits of McKinseys recommended change in their business.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Purchasing Implementation Coach, you will help clients to build the strategies, capabilities, systems and processes needed to deliver bottom line results and ensure those results are sustained. Youll have the opportunity to make a meaningful, hands-on contribution by managing projects and progress with minimal supervision, including tracking metrics, handling complex analyses, and preparing communications to report back to client and internal leadership. You will develop trust-based relationships with clients and be seen as a specialist in implementation and delivering results.
#LI-POST",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80508cee34271bba,80508cee34271bba,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Healthcare Systems and Services,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree, preferably from top-tier institution
1-3 years of professional experience in hospital operations and/or consultancies
Deep interest and skillset in analytics and a passion for improving and optimizing hospital efficiency
High level of entrepreneurship, professionalism and presence to succeed in a team-based setting on the ground with clients
Passion for hands-on change management and operational implementation involving multiple stakeholders across a hospital organization
Sound problem-solver who can quickly process complex information and present it clearly and simply during change transformation
Travel Expectation: up to 80% of the week to a client site
Strong analytical background, including knowledge of software/solutions implementation and project management
Experience working with large datasets, data visualization tools, machine learning and statistics preferred; knowledge of Hadoop, Hive, Tableau, Python, R, R-shiny, SQL is a plus
Able to work well with multi-disciplinary teams across continents/time zones
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our Healthcare Systems & Services Practice (HSS) team and will be based in Chicago.
The Healthcare Solution Delivery team uses healthcare data (payor / provider / 3rd party data) and analytics to answer some of the most pressing questions our healthcare clients have today such as How do we manage cost of care while improving quality?, How do we remain competitive in the evolving healthcare landscape?, Who are the most vulnerable patients and what interventions can we design to better care for them?.
Our capabilities are foundational to multiple high-profile initiatives and have been core to the HSS practice in delivering organization wide transformation programs for payors (public and private) and providers. The team has grown to 300+ colleagues globally over the last four years. It is a unique mix of healthcare experts, physicians, statisticians, engineers, data scientists, and more.
McKinsey Healthcare Systems & Services fosters innovation driven by advanced analytics, user experience design thinking, predictive forecasting and new product development. We are a community of entrepreneurs within McKinsey dedicated to using technology to accelerate meaningful impact at our clients. Through self-service access to analytics and data, software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will be actively engaged with front-line client teams involved in helping hospitals implement operational improvements and organizational enhancements that boost cost effectiveness and improve quality of care for patients.
As part of the Provider Performance Improvement domain, you will bring your healthcare expertise, operational experience and analytical skills to bear on topics ranging from clinical operations to procurement to workforce management and capital productivity.
You will leverage your expertise to take ownership of tenure-appropriate client relationships and guide clients through appropriate syndication discussions as well as longer-term front-line implementation projects.
You will be expected to develop industry-leading expertise on at least one Healthcare Analytics asset/solution (e.g., a specific category or delivery solution) and participate in IP development projects contributing to the overall knowledge and capabilities of Healthcare Analytics. You will be viewed as the primary point of contact for growing, scaling and innovating within that asset/solution.
As such, you will support our clients and engagement teams in their use of the solutions to sustainably drive high impact. This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to drive user adoption, help them with questions regarding Solution usage or applicability, etc. You'll also work with clients and McKinsey consultants in joint problem solving sessions and drive the process of converting/enriching raw client data sources into high value data products required for Solutions to deliver business insights for the relevant challenges.
You will have the opportunity to master the analytics/methodology embedded in the Solutions as well as the data concepts related to the Solution domains. This expertise will be fundamental to delivering a seamless, tech-enabled experience for our client service teams and clients.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ff68d21ca5692236,ff68d21ca5692236,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Expert Associate Partner - Pharmacy, Health Systems and Serv...",McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate or Masters degree, MBA, MHA, preferred; outstanding record of academic achievement
PharmD is a plus, but not required
6 -10 years of experience in a health care environment with deep expertise in pharmacy topics
Experience with pharmacy strategy and business development, end to end pharmacy benefit management transformation, pharmacy cost management for payors and PBMs
Expert in drug purchasing and rebate management, retail pharmacy operations, mail and specialty pharmacy operations, hospital pharmacy operations, PBM
5+ years of management consulting experience, ideally including as an engagement director
OR, alternatively, 5+ years of PE / banking / analyst experience in healthcare with focus on pharmacy
History of managing projects/programs to significantly improve pharmacy cost and operational performance for payors, PBMs, retail/mail pharmacies, and wholesalers
Familiarity with PBM and pharmacy operations and tech platforms and concepts, ideally with exposure to product development or implementation
Understanding of the principles of change management and performance metrics and dialogs, particularly in payors, PBMs, retail and mail pharmacies
High level of entrepreneurship, professionalism and excitement to help build a start-up business in an ambiguous environment
Able to provide leadership over and influence individuals and across multiple stakeholders from different levels, backgrounds by tailoring approach
Sound problem-solving capabilities and ability to quickly process complex information and present it during change transformation efforts with clients
Ability to multi-task, work under pressure and deliver accurate and high volume results on tight deadlines
Experience in and appetite for analytics and quantitative/data analysis and ideally in the healthcare sector
Comfort with traveling ~50% of time to client sites
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with McKinseys Healthcare Practice in one of our offices in North America.
Our healthcare practice is home to 500+ colleagues in North America consisting of consultants, deep content and technical experts, technologists, clinicians, and operational leaders. We come together, often as blended teams to improve healthcare. Our healthcare practice serves N. American payors, PBMs, providers and, pharmacies, and services companies and works with both public sector and private sector healthcare organizations.
Our practice is organized around domains, which house intellectual property and expert practitioners, centers of excellence, and tribes. Tribes are cross-functional special teams working to bring a distinctive approach to our clients in practice priority areas like digital and analytics.
This position would be a part of the pharmacy domain, with distinctive capabilities in the areas of pharmacy strategy, pharmacy cost management, pharmacy operations management, etc.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will manage projects or programs that significantly improve clients performance and strategic positioning in pharmacy value chain, as well as drive development of knowledge in pharmacy space, technology assets, and client development in the space.
To do this, you'll collaborate within a team working on various topics with clients across pharmacy value chain  all the entities between pharmaceutical companies and end-consumers (wholesalers, pharmacies, PBMs, payors, providers, and service companies).
You will work directly with client leaders, mid-level management and front-line operators to drive change that is critical to successful realization of goals. As such, you will provide oversight, problem-solving support and practical industry expertise, frequently involving facilitating on-site workshops, individual and group coaching, and change management sessions.
From the start of a project, you will be on the ground ensuring that engagement success is a priority. We engage at a deep level across our clients businesses, working in small teams to build the capabilities, systems, and processes needed to deliver bottom-line results and then ensure those results are sustainable. Our work is about problem solving, coaching, and delivering lasting outcomes.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d45b3f2fd3f28f1,0d45b3f2fd3f28f1,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Digital Product Designer - QuantumBlack Labs,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-01-25,"QUALIFICATIONS
Portfolio demonstrating how you approach the product design process, your design principles and use cases that involve complex data management.
Demonstrable and solid experience designing and delivering end to end user focused digital solutions across several industries.
Demonstrable ability to organise and facilitate discovery workshops with stakeholders and users, translating requirements into potential features.
Expert knowledge of design and prototype software, specifically Sketch, Zeplin and InDesign.
Confident communicator, able to express ideas, convey complicated concepts simply and with the confidence to challenge expectations or deliverable when required.
Ability to create and respond to briefs and meet deadlines, without compromising on quality.
Ability to explain and defend design decisions to both designers and non-designers.
A degree in Design, Human Computer Interaction, Visual communication or relevant equivalent professional background is desirable.
Experience of front-end development, motion design and animation would be a plus.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be joining an existing team within QuantumBlack Labs consisting of a product manager, designer(s), engineer(s) and content creators. You will also have the support and oversight from the Design guild as well as the QuantumBlack Labs team.
Who you are
One of QuantumBlacks core values is the belief that the impact of a multi-disciplinary team is always greater than the sum of its individual parts.
You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritising impact of the results.
You search for ways to improve things and work collaboratively with colleagues; you believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly.
Trust between colleagues is paramount  you are an individual who can always be trusted to work in the best interests of your colleagues and to achieve the best outcome for QuantumBlack and our clients.
You are naturally enthusiastic, inquisitive and empathetic and enjoy sharing your passion with others.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Product Designer in QuantumBlack Labs in London...
You will be joining a product team that is focused on creating internal products which enable our client teams, clients and potentially the open source community to collaborate using data and analytics to solve some of the worlds biggest digital, artificial intelligence and machine learning problems.
You will work closely with the users, product manager and engineering team to translate requirements into deliverable products. You will be helping to validate and iterate on these products with our users, to enhance performance, streamline outputs and define new business propositions.
You will be heavily involved in any up-front discovery of new requirements, to ensure design thinking is applied throughout our product development process.
You will be responsible for certain deliverables of UX, UI and Data visualisation assets that will need to adhere - or add to - a growing design system & component library which in turn requires the final output to be production ready.
About QuantumBlack
Real-World Impact No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Please submit your CV in English
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f211c29365f71120,f211c29365f71120,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst Performance Improvement. - Energy...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree; preferably engineering, statistics or computer science
1-2 years of experience in data management or analytics
Programming and coding experience (R, Python, SQL, etc.)
Problem solving mindset with strong quantitative analysis and analytical skills
Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing
Equally comfortable working collaboratively in a team environment and independently when required
Some exposure to or interest in learning more about the Oil & Gas and chemicals industry
Willing/able to join our team in this calendar year
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work with our McKinsey Energy Insights team in Houston.
McKinsey Energy Insights, a specialist data and analytics unit, provides distinctive analysis, insights, and support to energy players. We offer services along the oil and gas value chain, including exploration and production, refining and marketing, natural gas, petrochemicals, trading and oil field services, and equipment.
McKinsey Energy Insights dedicated solution delivery specialists apply proprietary tools and methodologies and a data-driven approach. With our strong ties with McKinseys oil and gas and chemicals consulting practices and access to the expertise of the wider McKinsey network, our research and analysis yield knowledge available nowhere else.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will spend most of your time developing proprietary analytical models and tools to help us serve our clients in the energy sector.
This includes contributing to daily problem solving, structuring, modeling and analytic support for our core industry assessment tools and analysis. You will be responsible for gathering the information necessary to develop tools and then developing them on standard platforms, such as R, Python, and/or excel. You will also support Energy Insights colleagues in improving and deploying existing tools.
Additionally, you will be responsible for creating and maintaining the databases that underpin our models and tools. You will also help further automate our databases and tools to make them more efficient and improve visualization.
Youll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on your teams",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ab18288677d6e448,ab18288677d6e448,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Product Engineer - McKinsey Digital,McKinsey & Company,"Miramar, FL",2020-01-12,"Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent area
8+ years of Software Engineering Experience
Strong command of the English language (both verbal and written)
Experience with building B2B and consumer quality products, enabling business capability and objectives through technology
Hands-on skills working with SQL and No-SQL databases
Broad experience across the following application development technologies and in-depth skills with at least one: JavaScript, NodeJS, Python, React, Elm
Experience with cloud infrastructures such as AWS, Azure or Google
Experience in container technologies like Docker / Kubernetes a plus
Experience in engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, application security
Knowledge of Agile software development process
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions
Able to work under competing priorities, manage expectations effectively and support the team under pressure
Comfortable with ambiguity and rapid changes common in early-stage product development
Distinct customer focus and quality mindset
Who You'll Work With
You'll join a location within our Benelux Hub as part of our digital team.
McKinsey Digital combines unparalleled business knowledge with a world-class agile development process to offer distinctive support for enterprise IT enablement. Our highly skilled system architects and development managers configure software packages and build custom applications, creating the foundation for rapid and cost-effective implementation of systems that maximize value from day one.
What You'll Do
You will be a core member of the McKinsey consulting team with responsibilities that range from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that McKinseys craft stays on the leading edge of technology.
You will be involved in agile implementation and transformation projects with our clients. In this role you will develop new products to take to our clients, leveraging cloud technologies, and micro-services architecture patterns. You will be an active learner, identifying new open source libraries, using unfamiliar technologies and learning new programming languages to meet technical requirements.
You will have a strong understanding of key agile engineering practices to guide teams and contribute to growing and improving our engineering practices. You will help your team build better engineering practices, building on our automated testing and continuous integration practices.
Initially, you may be working with a development partner team as we build out our internal engineering capability. You'll mentor engineers within the team, ensure for accurate and complete release and deployment plans by the team. You will build through consensus (when possible) a technical vision and helps the team execute and iterate on it.
Additionally, you'll identify and escalate technical barriers, dependencies or risks, ensure technical standards and best practices are followed at all times, help manage the process by which code is delivered and its quality. You'll be busy with contributing code and participate in code reviews, facilitate breaking down user stories into technical tasks, communicating technical and delivery risk to the team and escalates to management when appropriate.
Our development teams are small, flexible and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our consultants with the solutions they need. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional Enterprise software products.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a81e97852a995bf,6a81e97852a995bf,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Product Development & Procuremen...,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree required; business or STEM related field a plus
US Citizenship required
Strong understanding of purchasing, procurement processes, sourcing and saving opportunity identification
Knowledge / experience on variety of procurement technologies and sourcing solutions like Jaggaer, Coupa, SAP Ariba, Zycus, Ivalua, SynerTrade and other similar solutions will be an advantage
Strong proficiency in Excel & PowerPoint
Solid problem-solving capabilities, including the ability to disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong written/verbal communications skills
Willingness to travel (30-40% of time)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll be based in our McKinsey Knowledge Center in Waltham, Massachusetts and will be part of our Digital Procurement team. This group is part of our Product development and Procurement (PDP) service line. You will be joining McKinseys fastest growing service line in the procurement arena and taking cutting edge technology solutions to the clients.
Youll be part of our global Client Capability Network (CCN), which includes more than 1,800 knowledge professionals who work alongside our consultants and clients to generate distinctive insights and proprietary knowledge. You will work with this group to help develop, codify, sanitize, and manage our global knowledge portal, which includes more than 50,000 documents that form the backbone of our firm's knowledge management.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with our McKinsey consulting teams and at times, directly with clients to deliver digital procurement assets.
These assets will include spend cube development, spend analysis, online request for information/ quotation (eRFXs,) and other procurement related solutions. You will work with the client team to execute the project plan. You will demonstrate the asset solution capabilities, manage the solution usage and project tracking. You will deliver and support training of exciting digital procurement solutions.
You will work on client engagements as a Junior Solution Delivery Analyst. You will provide analytics support to deliver key insights on procurement focused topics like spend analysis, saving /opportunity identification, sourcing strategy, development, RFQ management and analysis.
A majority of McKinseys digital procurement assets are delivered in partnership with third party vendors which you will manage. Youll oversee the day-to-day work activities, issues and performance management of the vendors to ensure quality and timely outputs.
You will play a key role in opportunity evaluation and development in building out our own proprietary assets and various offerings in digital procurement solutions. You will be responsible for identifying new technologies, trends, or alternative vendors for us to work with.
You will ensure digital procurement assets, vendors, and processes adhere to our standards and that client information and data is safeguarded to the utmost level.
You will deliver cutting edge knowledge related to the solution asset domain and will support the development and maintenance of capabilities including assets, knowledge, tools, fact packs, case studies, primers.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=045aee44c4550710,045aee44c4550710,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Client Relationship Specialist - Wave,McKinsey & Company,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Undergraduate degree with an excellent academic record; graduate degree a plus
5-7 years of client account management or success experience in a consultative product or services environment.
Prior consulting experience is highly desirable
Relationship management skills; able to manage clients up and down throughout internal and client organizations
Very strong problem-solving skills
Experience in technology consultancy and/or SaaS/digital products a plus
Experience in project management, program management and/or change management
Ability to work independently or as part of a team
Entrepreneurial spirit and a keen interest in pro-actively building the Wave solution
Consistently deliver exceptional results and great ideas
Fluency in Japanese and an excellent command of English
Clear oral and written communication skills to present complex value propositions to client senior executives, to facilitate discussions and conduct trainings
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll join Wave as part of our Asia Hub, based in Tokyo, Japan. Wave is part of the McKinsey Transformation Practice.

McKinsey Transformation (MT) is a practice that delivers a proven approach for transformational change to clients seeking radical and sustainable performance improvement. Over the last several years, we have worked with hundreds of organizations around the world and across sectors. Most of our clients are driven by a desire to capture untapped potential; others face significant external challenges or industry discontinuities.
Large-scale change and transformation programs often finish without achieving the expected impact. Organizations lack transparency around goals, they are unable to monitor program status, and their employees cant see the contributions of their day-to-day work. Wave is McKinsey's proprietary solution that combines a program management digital platform with expert services to help organizations drive sustainable impact, not just activities. Our web-based platform (founded in 2011) acts as a single source of truth for tracking each transformation initiative and KPI, allowing teams to collaborate and act on real-time insights.
You'll work with a variety of colleagues (consulting, product development, service delivery, management, client development). They will be based in Japan and different offices across Asia, India, Costa Rica, Australia, the US and beyond. They all have a common passion for digital innovation and smart business processes. You will also have significant interaction with McKinsey consulting teams and client end users across a large portfolio of clients. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with the Wave global product, leadership and client service teams in contributing to overall improvement and growth initiatives.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will use your consultative and relationship-building skills as well as your sector and functional expertise to educate and evangelize Waves offerings to client project teams and their clients, to demonstrate the value of Waves offerings, increase demand and grow the solution.
You will help drive seamless implementations and long-term satisfaction in complex client environments. You will ensure clients are engaged with and seeing the value of the Wave platform and experience. You will identify follow-up opportunities and coordinate with your colleagues to implement relevant activities across the Wave team and clients (e.g., workshops with strategic clients, tactical outreach and touchpoints, new and expanded use case creation).
By proactively problem-solving, escalating issues where appropriate and acting as a client advocate inside Wave and the broader firm as needed, you will resolve relationship issues as they arise.
Youll coordinate and participate in on site meetings and programs for core clients, in conjunction with the product and business development team, McKinsey experts and facilitators. You will have an active part in identifying and generating opportunities to expand our impact and drive the renewals process at clients.
You will provide effective thought leadership by proactively understanding client needs and maintaining knowledge of industry trends and competitor offerings. In addition, you will actively contribute ideas for new product development, marketing and communication initiatives and operational improvements.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a843a315b98c3252,a843a315b98c3252,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Solution Delivery Analyst - Sales Solutions,McKinsey & Company,"Waltham, MA",2020-02-05,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree with a focus on business, statistics/mathematics or information technology
2-3 years in a consulting/analytics position in either a startup environment (big data, BI, etc.) or consulting company are ideal
Entrepreneurial mindset and the willingness to work in a fast-changing environment, with a passionate team of colleagues
Background in, or strong interest in Marketing & Sales, willingness to specialize in the area and bring related expertise to McKinsey teams and clients
Excellent business acumen
Good technical background, including knowledge of XML, SQL, SSIS or other ETL tools
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
Confidence and ability to work with senior firm stakeholders
Sound problem-solving with ability to quickly process complex information and present it clearly and simply
Excel and PowerPoint skills are required; Alteryx and Tableau skills are desired
Curious and committed to personal development
Consistently delivers exceptional results and great ideas
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work with our Marketing & Sales Solutions team in North America out of one of our above offices. Marketing & Sales Solutions is part of our Marketing and Sales practice.
The Marketing & Sales practice strives to help clients in both consumer and business-to-business environments on a wide variety of marketing and sales topics. Our clients benefit from our experience in core areas of marketing and sales such as branding, customer insights, marketing ROI, digital marketing, CLM, pricing, and sales and channel management.
Our practice offers an exceptional opportunity to work at the intersection of marketing, sales and consulting. Focusing on issues like redefining marketing and sales operations and commercial transformation, our people help clients build capabilities and transform how companies go to market - moving them to customer centric organizations.
Founded in 2007, Periscope by McKinsey enables better commercial decisions by uncovering actionable insights. The Periscope platform combines world leading intellectual property, prescriptive analytics, and cloud based tools to provide more than 25 solutions focused on insights and marketing, with expert support and training. It is a unique combination that drives revenue growth both now and in the future. Customer experience, performance, pricing, category, and sales optimization are powered by the Periscope platform. Periscope has a presence in 27 locations across 16 countries with a team of 700+ IT and business professionals and a network of 300+ experts. To learn more about how Periscopes solutions and experts are helping businesses continually drive better performance, visit http://www.periscope-solutions.com/.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will work with our Sales Solutions team to deploy software-based solutions to help companies achieve above-market growth by identifying, enabling, and sustaining best-practice commercial operations.
In this role you will leverage our Solution (Periscope) and other firm assets to serve clients and create sustainable impact. You will often work on more than one engagement at a time and will be at the core of bridging client business challenges with our Periscopes capabilities, including optimizing their planning, coverage strategy, go-to-market model, front-line talent, and commercial capabilities.
You will work with client representatives and McKinsey consultants in joint problem-solving sessions and will drive the process of translating data, benchmarks and analytics into value added insights and recommendations to help clients achieve breakthrough sales productivity.
You will be fully responsible to deliver our diagnostic solutions in close collaboration with both McKinsey consultants and clients. You will ensure effective and impactful diagnostic projects and scope. You will set up, run, and analyze the findings of our diagnostics. Our McKinsey consultants will look to you for guidance on setting the marketing & sales agenda for their clients and will see you as a thought partner in client development and client service strategies.
You will also be an entrepreneurial leader in our diagnostic team, taking ownership for improving our existing assets and helping us innovate new ones. You will be directly involved in improving the process and technology improvements needed to further scale our client support model.
Additionally, you will support clients in their use of our Solution (Periscope) to sustainably drive high impact. This involves engaging with client sponsors on a regular basis to drive user adoption.
This role will give you the opportunity to enjoy the combination of McKinseys highly professional environment and a start-up attitude of entrepreneurship and dynamics.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=01cbff72939975b6,01cbff72939975b6,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Consultores de Estrategia - Luanda,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Pessoas em incio de carreira (at 5 anos de experincia profissional) e exigentes consigo mesmas
Licenciatura e/ou ps-graduao ou mestrado concludo(a)
Um slido percurso acadmico marcado por fortes competncias analticas
Competncias de resoluo de problemas e capacidade de liderana
Vontade de ter impacto pessoal e dedicao  aprendizagem
Fluncia em portugus e um excelente domnio do ingls
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
A McKinsey & Company  uma Firma internacional de consultoria de gesto de topo, lder mundial em estratgia, organizao e operaes. Conta com mais de 14,000 consultores em mais de 60 pases. Angola  uma das seis localizaes do nosso escritrio de frica.
Trabalhar no escritrio de Luanda  fazer parte de um ambiente de aprendizagem constante, rodeado de pessoas excepcionais, numa Firma que se preocupa e investe no seu desenvolvimento profissional.
Ir trabalhar nas melhores equipas, para servir os nossos clientes - instituies lderes nos mais diversos sectores - na resoluo dos seus temas mais crticos.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Os consultores ingressam nos escritrios da McKinsey no mundo para trabalhar em equipas de trs a cinco consultores, desempenhando um papel activo em todos os aspectos do envolvimento com o cliente.
Isso inclui coletar e analisar informaes, formular e testar hipteses, e elaborar e comunicar recomendaes. Tambm ter a oportunidade de apresentar resultados aos gestores da organizao do cliente, e de implementar recomendaes em colaborao com os membros da equipa do cliente.
Os nossos Consultores recebem formao excepcional, bem como coaching e mentoring frequentes dos colegas de sua equipa. O suporte inclui ainda um Scio da sua prtica ou escritrio local, que o ajudar a orientar a sua carreira profissional na McKinsey & Company.
Receber tambm orientao e suporte de sua prtica ou escritrio local na seleo de projetos de clientes, ajudando-o a desenvolver as suas habilidades e a construir a sua rede de contatos.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3039a2559c1275f1,3039a2559c1275f1,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Contracts Coordinator (12 month contract),McKinsey & Company,"Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors Degree
3-5 years commercial contract experience required including drafting and reviewing of simple Master Service Agreements and Statements of Work
Project Management experience and good time management skills
Ability to communicate well with all senior leaders
Proficient in Word and Excel
Ability to work independently on multiple projects and multiple facets of a project simultaneously
Contingent workforce knowledge and experience a plus
Basic knowledge of procurement or supply chain management
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with the Optimize Services Procurement team, Optimize Contracts, Legal, our managed service provider, Finance and other stakeholders as you support the onboarding of external suppliers into the Firms external worker program.
You will be based in Stamford, CT; Philadelphia, PA; or Miramar, FL and work with Services Procurement, part of McKinsey Optimize, the function that delivers distinctive, positive and productive experiences through various services ranging from travel, events, real estate, sourcing, technology, and purchasing.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support the onboarding of suppliers into an external worker program by providing support during the contracting lifecycle.
In your role, you will research and gather information related to suppliers and the associated contracts from various databases, confirm key internal contacts for the suppliers and carefully document all essential details regarding contacts and final drafts.
You will coordinate the contract review and execution process by working with internal and external stakeholders, keeping them informed of work status and relevant issues. You will review basic commercial information by matching terms to the relevant deal, validate and confirm terms that may vary by jurisdiction, and raise issues (such as whether a new Master Service Agreement may be warranted), then drive resolution of the issue.
Additionally, you will draft simple contractual documents including working from template addendums and amendments, as needed. You will coordinate frequently with the Contracts team, and shepherd the contract through execution and hand off to the managed service provider. You may also be responsible for confirming the entry of the contract into the relevant contract repository.
You will need to balance the existing contracting process with additional project work designed to update and enhance the process itself.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=43db06e6aa4e43f5,43db06e6aa4e43f5,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Associate - Strategy & Corporate Finance Practice,McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie bringen mehrjhrige Erfahrung in einer fhrenden Investmentbank oder einer internen M&A-Abteilung eines Unternehmens mit und kennen smtliche Facetten des Transaktionsprozesses.
Sie verfgen ber einen hervorragenden Universittsabschluss und/oder eine abgeschlossene Promotion oder einen MBA eines fhrenden Instituts.
Sie verfgen ber Eigeninitiative und arbeiten selbststndig ebenso gut wie im Team.
Sie bringen hohe Einsatzbereitschaft und ein hohes Ma an Energie und Kreativitt mit.
Sie besitzen herausragende Problemlsungsfhigkeiten (analytisch und konzeptionell).
Sie sind kommunikationsstark und sprechen flieend Deutsch und Englisch.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Als Unternehmensberater/in sind Sie Teil unseres deutschen Bros mit Niederlassungen in Berlin, Dsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Kln, Mnchen, Stuttgart und Wien. Innerhalb unserer Strategy & Corporate Finance Practice arbeiten Sie in Teams und direkt zusammen mit unseren Klienten.
Die Strategy & Corporate Finance Practice bert Klienten themenbergreifend in strategischen und transaktionsbezogenen Fragestellungen, baut ihre Fhigkeiten in den Bereichen Unternehmensstrategie und Mitarbeiterfhrung weiter aus und entwickelt ihre Expertise im Finanzbereich kontinuierlich weiter.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Als Berater unserer Strategy & Corporate Finance Practice beraten Sie, in Zusammenarbeit mit Ihrem Team, Klienten aller Branchen bei transaktionsbezogenen Themen.
Sie analysieren Synergiepotenziale bei Unternehmenszusammenschlssen, betrachten potenzielle Transaktionsstrukturen sowie deren Durchfhrbarkeit und entwickeln nachhaltige M&A-Strategien. Sie spielen eine Schlsselrolle in der Vorbereitung von Kapitalmarkttransaktionen und fhren unter anderem strategische sowie kommerzielle Due Diligences durch.
Weiterhin spielen Sie eine wichtige Rolle in der Postmerger-Integration sowie der Entwicklung von Wachstumsprogrammen, die an der Unternehmensstrategie ausgerichtet sind. Darber hinaus beraten Sie unsere Klienten bei verwandten Themen wie Wettbewerbsanalysen, Unternehmensgrndungen oder -spaltungen und Organisationsstrukturen.
Nicht zuletzt wirken Sie beim Wissensaufbau sowie der Gewinnung umfassender Erkenntnisse zur Wertschpfung durch Transaktionen mit.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=54b19fa7ab02060d,54b19fa7ab02060d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Analyst - Africa Delivery Hub,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree and a Master's degree with an excellent academic record
2 - 5 years of experience in industry/development-consulting style position or working in a public or social sector institution
Backgrounds in electric power, health, agriculture, infrastructure, energy, engineering are most desirable
Demonstrated passion for working on the economic development of Africa
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively  both verbally and in writing  in English and the local office language(s)
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Youll work in teams of typically 3  5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of client engagement. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work on projects that are typically longer term, more tangible, and with greater focus on leadership and coaching of client teams. You will work exclusively with governments, donors, and senior leaders in civil service on transformational challenges in economic development by building capabilities, overseeing transformation, and delivering policy solutions.
You will analyze data to identify opportunities and drive performance. You will set up and manage project management systems to track performance, and youll also have the chance to strengthen your specific technical/sectorial expertise to offer specialist delivery support (e.g. agriculture sector delivery) to clients with targeted needs.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c920a52bab8ef4e2,c920a52bab8ef4e2,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Analyst - Advanced Analytics,McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in quantitative field (mathematics, quantitative methods, computer science, engineering, finance etc.); Advanced degree is a plus
Hands-on experience in reporting, data analytics, data engineering or business intelligence
At least one of the below skills:
Strong data management skills with focus on database design, data quality management and data analysis of small to medium datasets, including hands-on experience with SQL and ETL software.
Good business modelling and programming skills using Excel, VBA.
Experience with building interactive visualization and BI platforms (R Shiny, Tableau/Qlikview/Power BI etc.)
Programming experience in R or Python will be a plus.Understanding of business environment and ability to translate business problems to analytical frameworks and technical end-products
Entrepreneurial mindset proactively thinking about potential improvements to how things are done
Ability to work collaboratively and self-driven in a diverse team environment, under tight deadlines and changing priorities
Good communication skills with the ability to communicate analytical and technical content
Business level fluency in both written and spoken English
Willingness to travel abroad
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be a part of McKinsey Analytics Wroclaw hub and a member of our global analytics community. As data analyst, you will interact and collaborate with McKinsey consultants, data scientists and data engineers.
In McKinsey Analytics we shape the future of what data-driven organizations look like, creating new lines of thinking within a diverse range of clients and situations. We help clients harness data to solve their toughest challenges and pride ourselves on fostering an atmosphere of ongoing learning and development for those seeking to constantly enhance their capabilities and knowledge.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a skilled storyteller with a passion for data, you will analyze and evaluate data to create concepts, prototypes and iterate on ideas effectively balancing quality and time factors.
Leveraging your visualization and data analysis skills, you will create the foundations for sound client recommendations. In doing this, you will manage the data cleaning pipeline, apply analytic methodologies and data visualization techniques, generate insights and communicate them back to the team. Your end-products will include business models, scenario planners, reporting dashboards or data visualizations. You may be expected to travel to other McKinsey offices.
Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills. Growing in the role will also create opportunities to coach junior colleagues and contribute to team strategy on knowledge and capability development.
We are recruiting both junior and senior profiles, so the role will be calibrated during the recruiting process based on candidates experience.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=acccfbc54c9fcb1b,acccfbc54c9fcb1b,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Data Engineer - QuantumBlack,McKinsey & Company,"Boston, MA",2020-01-25,"QUALIFICATIONS
Meaningful experience with at least two of the following technologies: Python, Scala, SQL, Java
Commercial client-facing project experience is helpful, including working in close-knit teams
Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets
Meaningful experience in multiple database technologies such as Distributed Processing (Spark, Hadoop, EMR), traditional RDBMS (MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL), MPP (AWS Redshift, Teradata), NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB, Cassandra, Neo4J, Titan)
A confirmed ability in clearly communicating complex solutions
Deep understanding of Information Security principles to ensure compliant handling and management of client data
Experience and interest in Cloud platforms such as: AWS, Azure, Goole Platform or Databricks
Confirmed experience in traditional data warehousing / ETL tools (Informatica, Talend, Pentaho, DataStage)
Extraordinary attention to detail
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll be based in Montreal and will work closely with our clients and our Data Scientists in order to curate, transform and construct features which feed directly into our modelling approach.
This would be a hybrid client-facing/technical role using state of the art technologies, whilst also being able to communicate complex intractable ideas to non-technical audiences. Collecting clear requirements is a key part of this role and will define the technical strategy the team employs on the study.
Who you are
A core value at QuantumBlack is fusion and at the heart of our multi-disciplinary teams is the belief that the sum of individual parts will always be less than the impact of the entire team. You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritising impact. You search for ways to improve things and work collaboratively with colleagues. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly. Trust between colleagues is paramount here  you are an individual who can always be trusted to work in the best interests of all colleagues and to achieve the best outcome for QuantumBlack and our clients. You are naturally enthusiastic and enjoy sharing your passion with others.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
As a Data Engineer...
You will work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact for organisations globally. You will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance.
Role responsibilities
Work with our clients to model their data landscape, obtain data extracts and define secure data exchange approaches
Acquire, ingest, and process data from multiple sources and systems into Big Data platforms
Understanding, assessing and mapping the data landscape
Maintaining our Information Security standards on the engagement
Collaborate with our data scientists to map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models
Defining the technology stack to be provisioned by our infrastructure team
Building modular pipeline to construct features and modelling tables
Use new and creative techniques to deliver impact for our clients as well as internal R&D projects
What youll learn
How successful projects on real world problems across a variety of industries are completed through referencing past deliveries of end to end pipelines
Build products alongside the Core engineering team and evolve the engineering process to scale with data, handling complex problems and advanced client situations
Be focused on the wrangling, clean-up and transformation of data by working alongside the Data Science team which focuses on modelling the data
Using new technologies and problem-solving skills in a multicultural and creative environment
You will work on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of Data Scientists and Data Engineers use to progress from data to impact. You will guide global companies through data science solutions to transform their businesses and enhance performance across industries including healthcare, automotive, energy and elite sport.
Real-World Impact No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 cars performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Please submit your CV in English
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits
As an equal opportunity employer, QuantumBlack encourages applications from all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. We maintain a sense of community rooted in respect and consideration for all employees where any evaluation is based simply upon individual work and team performance.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1c88291ffcbc43d,c1c88291ffcbc43d,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,"Analyst  Financial Analysis, Companies & Markets (m/w/d)",McKinsey & Company,"San Jose, CA",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Sie haben Ihr Studium der Wirtschaftswissenschaften mit sehr gutem Erfolg absolviert und sind mit Kernindikatoren der Finanzanalyse und ihrer Berechnung ebenso vertraut wie mit den Grundzgen internationaler Rechnungslegung.
Sie konnten bereits erste Berufs- oder Praxiserfahrung im Bereich Corporate Finance/M&A sammeln, z.B. bei Investmentbanken, Wirtschaftsprfungsgesellschaften oder Finanzinvestoren.
Sie verfgen idealerweise ber Auslandserfahrung.
Sie besitzen profunde Kenntnisse ber thematische Entwicklungen und Trends mit Schwerpunkt Deutschland.
Sie haben Spa an der Evaluation von Geschftsmodellen und anderen komplexen Fragestellungen.
Sie denken konzeptionell und gehen den Dingen gern analytisch auf den Grund.
Sie engagieren sich fr Ihre Aufgabe, sind kreativ und arbeiten selbststndig ebenso gut wie im Team.
Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse sowie ein routinierter Umgang mit MS Office runden Ihr Profil ab.
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
Die Abteilung Research leistet branchen- und themenbergreifend wichtige Beitrge zu unseren Beratungsprojekten und internen Studien. Das Aufgabenspektrum reicht von der kurzfristigen Informationsrecherche ber die lngerfristige Begleitung von Projekten einschlielich komplexer Analysen bis zur Formulierung wirtschaftspolitischer Standpunkte.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Als Mitglied unserer Abteilung analysieren und bewerten Sie Informationen und Daten zu diversen Branchen, insbesondere mit Bezug zu den deutschsprachigen Mrkten.
Fr unsere internationalen Beratungsteams entwickeln Sie sich zum ersten Ansprechpartner fr die finanzielle Analyse und Bewertung von Unternehmen und Geschftsmodellen in diversen Sektoren. Sie entwickeln Markt- und Wettbewerbsanalysen, spren Branchentrends auf und leiten Implikationen fr die Akteure ab. Dabei bearbeiten Sie Ad-hoc-Anfragen zu Finanzkennzahlen ebenso wie komplexe Fragestellungen, z.B. zu Optimierungspotenzialen. Aus Ihren fundierten, meist quantitativen, aber auch qualitativen Analysen erarbeiten Sie im Team berzeugende handlungsrelevante Empfehlungen. Unsere Consultants und Klienten schtzen Sie als kompetenten Diskussionspartner. Als Mitglied unseres globalen Knowledge-Netzwerks haben Sie Zugang zu Experten in allen relevanten Fachgebieten, entwickeln erfolgreich innovative Lsungen fr unsere Klienten und tragen zu einem kontinuierlichen Aufbau unserer Wissensinfrastruktur bei.
Bentigte Bewerbungsunterlagen: Lebenslauf, Anschreiben, alle relevanten akademischen und Arbeitszeugnisse, beginnend mit dem Abiturzeugnis",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=793f8b059d9778b3,793f8b059d9778b3,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Visual Communication Specialist - German Speaker,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
University degree, ideally in Philology or similar area
Very good verbal and written language skills in German (B2/C1 level) and English (B1/B2 level)
IT literacy and some experience in working with Microsoft Office, especially PowerPoint
Solid typing skills
Outstanding customer orientation and quality mindset
Experience towards design or graphic-related studies/employment would be an added advantage
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will be based in Poznan, Poland and will be part of our global Visual Graphics & Media team.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will translate conceptual drafts into well-devised charts and exhibits and, as a result, create clear and accurate visual presentations.
In this role you will work directly with consultants on improving the visual presentation of information. You will create and enhance presentation documents in accordance with McKinsey guidelines, edit and rework existing materials according to the consultants needs as well as proofread all documents to ensure they meet quality standards. Additionally, you will coordinate production activities for short and long-term client assignments, working closely with other colleagues to manage production and ensure accurate, efficient and timely completion of all assigned requests.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61a41f2fa367fd9e,61a41f2fa367fd9e,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Technician - Safety and Security,McKinsey & Company,"New York, NY 10022 (Midtown area)",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years' experience required
Safety and Security Technician official professional license
English language fluency - both verbally and writing
Ability to manage complex tasks with little supervision
Well-developed technical and problem-solving skills
Excellent customer service skills
Strong personal presence and credibility
Ability to work across all levels of seniority, cultivating trust-based, peer-counselor relationships
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll join our Sao Paulo office to be part of our Administrative and Safety & Security team.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
In this role, you will be responsible for labor Safety and Security programs, planning and implementing them, along with supporting facilities and work environment conservation and maintenance.
You will analyze and evaluate the work environment, facilities, equipment and work processes with a view to incident prevention and the application of preventive practices.
You will responsible for planning and performing safety training, attending prevention meetings and campaigns, and advising colleagues and vendors teams on the use of equipment and facilities, and on adherence to processes and regulation.
More than that, you will be the person who will ensure that the work follows applicable laws and standard practices, anticipating problems, diagnosing and recommending possible solutions.
You will report information about office security to the LATAM Security Manager and assist with various security activities.
Lastly, you will also have the opportunity to team-up with other departments and engage in different projects as required.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b51426605bf7c2e7,b51426605bf7c2e7,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Senior Solution Delivery Analyst - Temporary,McKinsey & Company,"Tampa, FL",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree with an excellent academic record; Advanced degree is a plus
2+ years of experience in strategic consulting in a top tier management consulting environment required, include scoping and managing engagements
Excellent communication skills and attention to detail
Ability to manage client relationships
Experience in a start-up, in the business development function of a large company which works extensively with start-ups, or as part of a venture capital firm preferred
Strong project management skills
Strong stakeholder management skills
Strong conceptual problem-solving skills
Excitement to work in an agile, fast-paced environment with a strong feedback culture
Flexibility to travel as needed
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You will work with our McKinsey Academy team and will be based out of either our Chicago, Boston or New York offices.
McKinsey Accelerate, a McKinsey Growth Platform, enables McKinsey to partner with our clients to ensure sustained impact through flawless execution and capability building. We do this by bringing the knowledge, assets, and expertise that clients are asking for: transformation and change management support, capability building at scale, and leadership and top team transformation. In so doing, we believe we will be the preeminent institution in helping clients implement their strategies, which includes building the leadership teams and skills and capabilities their strategies require
McKinsey Academy is designed for rising professionals and senior teams to develop the capabilities they need to help their organizations thrive. Our programs include courses developed and taught by McKinsey partners, combined with perspectives from the broader market including academics, executives, and thought leaders. The programs combine group-based project work and the newest social approaches that reinforce effective, lasting skills development. With optional in-person components, our programs can be a cost-effective way to build the capabilities of a large number of participants across an organization
RTS Academy works with clients to implement a suite of a digitally-enabled, capability-building programs that are being built and scaled up across different industries and geographies. The objectives of the programs are to drive improvements in Organizational Health, Performance, Business Fundamentals and functional capabilities.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
You will support the deployment and continuous innovation of digitally-enabled enterprise-wide behavior change programs across multiple RTS Academy clients, in various industries and geographies.
This will include helping to build and deliver key programs to clients across simultaneous roll-outs to ensure the effective implementation and assessment across various digital programs RTS Academy offers.
You will manage translations and build masters of the programs in diverse languages including English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, German, and Japanese.
With exceptional attention to detail, you will configure digital programs and author program content as well as implement specific configurations on the platform for our pilot clients.
Furthermore, you will work with internal stakeholders to carry out special projects that build the operational capacity of RTS Academy to deliver client impact at scale.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34eecaeeb4d94874,34eecaeeb4d94874,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
new,Freshman Diversity Leaders Intern (U of Texas-Austin),McKinsey & Company,"Atlanta, GA 30318",2020-01-12,"QUALIFICATIONS
In your freshman year of an undergraduate degree at University of Texas-Austin; expected graduation date of December 2022 or May 2023
Identify as Black/African-American, Hispanic/Latino, and/or a member of an Indigenous group native to North America
Strong commitment to excellence and personal and professional growth
Demonstrated outstanding academic performance and an aptitude for analytics
Strong record of initiative-taking and leadership in a work setting and/or extracurricular activities
Resourceful, intellectually curious, empathetic, poised, high energy and mature
Genuine interest in business and find problem solving exhilarating
Enjoy working in teams
WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH
You'll work in one of our Southern offices (Atlanta, Charlotte, Dallas, Houston, Miami) for ~10 weeks in the summer. You'll work as part of a project team, collaborating with colleagues to solve high priority business problems.
When you join McKinsey as a Freshman Diversity Leadership Intern (FDLI), you are joining a firm that will challenge you and invest heavily in your professional development. In this role you will have the opportunity to work on high profile McKinsey projects on a variety of topics. You will also work with a range of experts in the firm, from data scientists to researchers to software and app designers. Youll also join a community of caring colleagues for social, networking, and learning opportunities.
We are committed to building the leaders of tomorrow. As part of that commitment, we are proud to offer a Freshman Diversity Leaders Internship program (FDLI). This program, which is part of our firm-wide effort to attract top diversity talent, joins our strong base of existing diversity and inclusion programs and is open to candidates who identify as Black/African-American, Hispanic/Latino, and/or members of Indigenous groups native to North America.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Youll work in teams of typically 35 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the engagement.
This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to present results and implement recommendations in collaboration with team members.
Youll gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Freshman Diversity Leaders Interns (FDLIs) receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. We start our support for FDLIs before the summer with an optional weekend-long ""boot camp"" in the spring during which we focus on skill building and forming a peer community of FDLIs. Once they join, FDLIs are provided with a week of training, and a partner from your local office or practice is assigned to you to help guide you throughout your internship.
You will work with McKinsey colleagues, owning a distinct piece of the project. Some examples of the specific work may include interviewing stakeholders and experts, leading teams, building financial models, creating and delivering presentations, and working with McKinsey subject experts to develop perspectives and insights.
McKinsey is deeply focused on learning and personal development and we want to ensure candidates are given the right training and experience to be set up for success post-graduation. At the end of the summer, you may receive an offer to join us as a Sophomore Diversity Leaders Intern (SDLI) for the following summer.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4746b58eb837a7f5,4746b58eb837a7f5,indeed,McKinsey & Company developer
