status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Senior Product Manager,MessageBird,Amsterdam,2020-01-31,"MessageBird is a Cloud Communications Platform that enables consumers in virtually every corner of the planet to connect with businesses in the same way they connect with their friends - seamlessly, on their own timeline and with context. We're one of the fastest growing software companies in the world and we're looking to expand our impressive Product Engineering squads with an experienced Senior Product Manager.ImpactAs a Senior Product Manager, you will be responsible for shaping the future of our platform for our customers, potentially developing multiple communication products and related services over time.

We aim to deliver reliable, secure and quality products that enable our customers to reach people all over the world, across a growing number of communication channels, either through an API or our online dashboard.

Our product-engineering teams are customer-driven and have the responsibility and authority to create quality products that solve customer's needs.

In return, you'll gain access to one of the most fun, open, and ambitious groups of people working in Amsterdam. We push each other to be our ultimate best, and are the kind of company that will make you feel happy getting out of bed to come to work every morning.Responsibilities

Work directly with customers to discover pain points and how to solve these, translating this into tangible actions for the product-engineering teams
Clearly communicate progress, milestones and major updates to the entire company, making it clear for everyone what value your product is adding
Form strong relationships with key stakeholders, including with sales and support, to best solve customer needs
Be able to clearly pitch the product you work on and it's value to anyone with a technical or non-technical background
Identify market opportunities and define the vision and strategy of the products within your remit
Conduct thorough research and analysis to identify customer behavior and requirements and translate into product specifications
Translate the product vision into a roadmap and clearly communicate this to the engineering squads
Act as the driver behind product innovation by enabling and leading your team to develop high performing products
Steer an efficient and self-organising team with high velocity
Focused on keeping the customer at the heart of all data-driven decision making
Prioritize backlogs based on business value and demand to continuously improve our products
Be the voice and main expert of the product you are managing to all stakeholders, our customers, our management team and the whole company; you make sure that the product you manage is successful and work with the organisation to fill the gaps where need be

Skills and Qualifications

To qualify for this role you must have 6+ years experience with Product Management
Experience building APIs ideally within the CPaaS or B2B SaaS sector
Strong commercial mindset and go-to-market framework
Experience working in an organisation with similar agile product engineering environment
Previous technical hands-on experience as a backend Software Engineer or Software Developer
Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or a related technical field
Excellent communication, collaboration, and influencing skills
You have a can-do attitude, a natural leader with the ability to motivate and drive a team

MessageBird Perks

An exceptionally bright, talented and fun bunch of colleagues, hailing from more than 40 countries.
Employee Stock Option Plan: we are all owners and shareholders of our company - MessageBird's success is in our hands!
Serious sustenance: Our private chefs pamper us with beautiful lunches and great food all day long.
Weekly kickboxing, pilates and boot camp classes at our office (on the rooftop in summer!).
Rest up with 25 days' holidays per year.
Pension Scheme: we contribute to the planning of your golden years.
We contribute to your commute between home and work every day.
MessageBird swag to keep you looking fresh in summer, and feeling warm in winter.
The occasional company-wide gathering and team outings. We love spending time together!
Relocating? We support you and your family through the process of moving.
Dutch language course for our international Birds, organized by us!

Work with us and build the data-driven telecom company of the future! MessageBird is an equal opportunity employer. If you think you meet these requirements, apply! We look forward to your application letter and resume.

Read MessageBird's Recruitment Privacy Statement","Hot
Easy Apply",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000017033e4cd1bb0475f633c2b4636&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=EOL&ist=&ast=EOL&vt=w&slr=true&ea=1&cs=1_5a21c1bc&cb=1581418597804&jobListingId=3452547408,3452547408,glassdoor,MessageBird developer
