status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,QA Engineer II,Toast,"Chicago, IL 60614 (Lincoln Park area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an extraordinary commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help craft the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Toast is looking for a Quality Assurance Engineer to play a meaningful role on a new and growing team responsible for transforming the way restaurants manage and connect with their employees. The team will need to solve a wide spectrum of engineering problems: reliability, availability, scale, new features, and new products.

About this roll*:

Creating comprehensive testcases for new features
Testing new features and logging defects as needed
Working collaboratively with project team to triage defects and verify fixes
Actively contributing to product design and roadmap discussions
Leading as well as participaying in testcase reviews
Keeping current with tools such as Jira, Confluence, TestRail
Working with qa engineers and developers on strategy for testcase automation
Assisting with triage of customer issues

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Experience in testcase creation (manual or automated)
Passionate about quality
An interest and commitment to continuous learning
Known for having a get unblocked attitude
Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment
Experience with Jira a plus!
Bread puns encouraged, not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=decc859dfb25357d,decc859dfb25357d,indeed,Toast developer
new,Senior Software Engineer,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Are you bready* for a change?

Device Command and Control systems manage the Toast tablets installed in tens of thousands of restaurants. On this team, you will ensure quick onboarding of new devices, rapid distribution of new features, and device insights for Toast support and operations.

About this roll*:

You will design, build and maintain reliable, highly scalable backend services to support our mobile app
You will create easy-to-understand UI for customers and internal users to leverage
Help construct a seamless user experience on device upgrade and setup
Participate in estimating effort, testing, debugging, integrating and documenting database, middle-tier and front-end web (and some Android)
Understand different user profiles using our tools to actively contribute to product design
Evaluate currently available best technology options to fit requirements
Mentor junior team members

Do you have the right ingredients?


Proficient in Java or other object oriented languages (Kotlin experience welcome)
Well-versed in microservices architecture and databases
Passionate about solving large scale problems and building great software for internal and external customers
Great at communicating and working with others
Prior Android experience and web UI knowledge are a plus
Bread puns encouraged, not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65dc4e3c8e092f3c,65dc4e3c8e092f3c,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Software Engineer II, Discounts",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud-based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Are you bready* for a change?

We are looking for a full stack engineer to join our Discounts team. Join us in working on functionality that spans across Toast's technical stack. From our Android Point of Sale system, to backend microservices and from frontend configuration pages to databases. Help us as we evolve our architecture to be more scalable with use of modern frameworks like gRPC, mechanisms like protocol buffers while simultaneously enhancing the frontend user experience with frameworks like React and Angular. We are a close knit collaborative team with focus on continuous growth and improvement. We support each other well, win and lose as one team and most importantly have fun!

About this roll*:
As a member of a dynamic engineering team you will participate in all aspects of the software life cycle. Specifically you will:


Design, build and maintain performant, flexible and highly scalable web and mobile applications
Work across the stack using Java, Kotlin, Android, Postgres, DynamoDB, AngularJS and React
Actively contribute to product design and feature selection discussions
Participate in code reviews to ensure technical implementations meet functional requirements
Mentor other team members

Do you have the right ingredients*?

We are looking for technical depth in multiple areas of the stack:


Experience with an Object Oriented Language; Java or Kotlin is a plus
Exposure to tiered web application architecture and databases like Postgres
Experience with front-end Javascript frameworks like AngularJS and familiarity with responsive design and SPAs. React experience is a plus
Familiarity with REST API's and microservices architecture
Experience with Android is a plus",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef1a127bbd21078f,ef1a127bbd21078f,indeed,Toast developer
new,Principal Software Engineer in Test,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

-----------------------------
Are you bready* for a change?
-----------------------------

Toast is looking for a Principal Software Engineer in Test to help re-define and implement our mobile quality strategy. We have hundreds of engineers building restaurant features, and our mobile and SaaS technologies need to work reliably and seamlessly, as the platform scales. We need your help to unlock the full potential of Android, and explore the next generation of restaurant technology.

-----------------

About this roll*:
-----------------


Develop an expert understanding of the architecture of Toast's mobile products, with a view to enable testability.
Outline and implement a test automation strategy for our mobile products, with a focus on Android.
Innovate the mobile test automation space, coming up with durable and robust test solutions that enable Toast's phenomenal growth.
Partner with the engineering tools team to integrate test automation with best in class build pipelines, leading to quicker releases with impeccable quality.
Partner with other technical and product leaders on best practices in quality and test automation.
Provide technical guidance and leadership support to a team of developers and quality engineers.
Research and define best practices and standards, through interaction with the Android engineering community.
Maintain awareness of test execution touch-points across products and services.
Be a strong internal and external advocate for quality, with strong global business impact across Toast R&D.

-----------------------------------
Do you have the right ingredients*?
-----------------------------------


Experience with mobile build tools and integrating mobile & web testing tools like Appium and Espresso, with CI/CD pipelines
Hands on as an engineer, with expertise in languages like Java and/or Kotlin
Experience with quality challenges and resolution strategies in the Android ecosystem
Ability to gather and communicate technical requirements
Strong interpersonal skills and a proven track record of building partnerships across engineering, product, customer success, and other stakeholders.
A commitment to continuous improvement and learning
Bread puns not required but it helps!",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a798cd08467f803,5a798cd08467f803,indeed,Toast developer
new,SEO Strategist,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of thought, background and experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

Toast is growing its SEO team. The SEO Strategist will be responsible for helping to drive not only traffic but company results. You will work alongside the Senior Manager, SEO to accelerate an SEO strategy that sits at the intersection of our Web Development, Content and Demand Generation.

The ideal candidate will enjoy spending time in Google Analytics and SEO software of their choice to clearly and creatively extract insights that will grow Toast's organic traffic profile. You should be equally strong in the softer, on-page SEO skills required for optimizing blog performance and the more technical SEO skill set which will overlap heavily with our developers.

About this roll*:

Drive the Toast SEO Roadmap
Partner with Content to scale our six figure traffic to seven figures
Plan and project manage development tickets for technical SEO recommendations
Create reports that track the effectiveness of SEO campaigns and how they connect to B2B business goals
Generate creative link building ideas to promote Toast's content and move the needle through off-page SEO
Coordinate and communicate with Content, Demand Generation and (in the future!) Product teams to drive SEO forward
Build project plans and business cases for net new SEO initiatives, working with our Content and Web teams
Do whatever it takes to grow the online presence of Toast (provided it's White Hat!)

Do you have the right ingredients?


Highly data-driven with a strong sense for marketing beyond SEO
3-5 years of in-house or agency SEO experience
Can demonstrate track record of producing prior SEO results and has previous experience hitting aggressive traffic goals and driving an organic growth strategy
Proven outreach experience with ability to execute effective link building campaigns
Can use analytics to identify opportunities, diagnose issues, and measure impact of SEO changes
Strong project management skills with the ability to handle multiple projects at once, while using judgement to prioritize business impact
Is self motivated and has a growth mindset
Bread puns encouraged but not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=faea1ad93fbd5158,faea1ad93fbd5158,indeed,Toast developer
new,Staff Software Engineer - Payments Processing,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to play a meaningful role on the payments team responsible for processing payments on behalf of our restaurants and ensuring that restaurants are paid in a timely manner. Our payments system is built as a set of Java microservices deployed to AWS, interacting with thousands of Android tablets using modern payments hardware, as well as partners through our API. Payment processing is a key source of Toast's revenue and also the lifeblood of our customers: we process multiple millions of dollars in transactions per day. Our payment processing systems operate in a highly secure environment with zero downtime, with our engineers practicing strong discipline to keep things running smoothly.

About this roll*:

Spearhead complex projects that improve functionality and reliability for our customers
Coach engineers and teams (e.g., via code review, architecture review) to build better systems
Craft, build and maintain highly resilient, flexible and scalable architecture
Learn from our scaling problems, and implement solutions to those problems
Diagnose performance bottlenecks and implement optimizations
Review code to ensure technical implementations meet functional requirements

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Respectful, empathetic, and humble
Build impactful systems that are critical to customer success
Passion for building great software
Balance getting things done with making things just right
Bread puns encouraged but not required

--------------
Our Tech Stack
--------------

Our products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backenservices follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. We store data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilize Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. The web front-end is built using Angular and ES6. Our main point of sale application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform, we operate RabbitMQ clusters as well as direct tablet communication to the back end.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8ae75e378bee8f33,8ae75e378bee8f33,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Principal Software Engineer, Core Orders",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"Toast Overview:
We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an unrivaled commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help shape the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Job Overview:
Do you like to solve complex problems at scale? Toast is looking for a Principal Software Engineer to play a critical role on the team responsible for our Core Orders APIs and Pricing Algorithms. The Toast system currently accepts orders from a number of different sources including our Android tablets (keyed by waitstaff), consumers (online orders) and partners (via our APIs). Parts of this code are executed multiple times by every single order that enters the system. We are dealing with problems of scale and representing billions of dollars in value to our customers. As we continue to grow, we expect the demands for orders and entry points into our system to increase rapidly. In order (pardon the pun) to meet these demands, we will need to build a system that is both increasingly extensible, robust, scalable and deliverable continuously. We need your help to improve our platform and add the next generation of features to this absolutely mission critical part of our product.

Some projects we've been recently working on include:

Creating a unified Pricing Module to be shared across all clients powered by our system
Pluggable, modular, configurable Taxation Module to support a much wider variety of different tax codes (at the local / state level)
Re-architect how we deal with historical orders using immutable data; allowing archival of historical data to separate analytics data store
Tooling which allows for the running of millions of historical checks against new Pricing algorithms to compare differences
Expanding functionality of our APIs to support more and more clients

As a Principal Software Engineer on the Orders Team, you will be:


Designing, building and maintaining high performance, flexible and highly scalable web and mobile applications
Participating in designing, estimating effort, implementing, testing, debugging, configuring, integrating and documenting database, middle-tier and front-end code
Diagnosing performance bottlenecks and implementing optimizations for services which deal with hundreds of millions of requests
Thinking in terms of the end-user and designing accordingly
Surveying and evaluating available technology options
Actively contributing to product design and feature selection discussions
Participating in code reviews to ensure technical implementations meet functional requirements
Mentoring other team members

Do you have the right ingredients?


Proficient in Java; Kotlin a plus
Well-versed in tiered web application architecture and databases
Passionate about building great software
A lifelong learner
Known for having a get unblocked attitude
Microservices knowledge is preferred
Previous exposure to a SaaS product is preferred
Android experience is a plus",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=701b8e86c2bbe6b9,701b8e86c2bbe6b9,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Sr. Software Engineer, DevTools",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Are you bready* for a change?

The Dev-Tools team empowers Toast engineers to deliver high quality code, with ease, through the development process and into production. Our work reaches across the organization, uses a wide array of technologies and problem solving, and makes our android application easy to build, test, and deploy at scale.

Some projects we've been cooking up recently include:

Hosting full Toast environments on local development laptops
Building out an Android device cluster for automated integration testing
The modularization of Android builds
Adding scaling factors to all aspects of the development environment

About this roll*:

Create developer tools in support of a flourishing company
Use your familiarity with DevOps methodologies to improve quality and developer velocity
Take on and evolve our Android build processes, to ease developer involvement
Be able to program in a variety of different programming languages (we use Kotlin, Java, Groovy, and Python among others)
Champion best practices such as quality test automation and automation of release pipelines
Coach and guide other engineers to deliver on the technical vision

Do you have the right ingredients*?


A tool maker at heart who enjoys empowering others
Experience evolving android builds with an eye towards performance
Experience with Android application development
3+ years of experience with modern CI/CD tools (preference towards Jenkins)
A solid understanding of Linux internals
Solid experience with Git (Github a plus)
Cloud based experience (AWS preferred)
A get-things-done attitude and track record of success
Bread puns encouraged but not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bf953129aafb5429,bf953129aafb5429,indeed,Toast developer
new,Senior Web Designer,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"As one of the fastest growing Software-as-a-Service platforms in North America, Toast is a Google Ventures backed company that is revolutionizing the $800B restaurant industry. Founded in 2012 and launched in 2013, Toast was recently recognized as the 3rd fastest growing software company on the Deloitte Fast 500 and named to the Forbes Cloud 100. By embracing our customer community, Toast has developed a restaurant management platform that is allowing restaurateurs to delight guests, do what they love and thrive.

As the Senior Web Designer, you will be responsible for bringing the design roadmap for our digital experiences to life. In doing so you will drive improvement in performance, brand identity and consistency, and conversion. The ideal candidate will have experience with both UI and UX and demonstrated the ability to be a leader and individual contributor on large digital design projects across a team.

You're a perfect fit if you have a passion to consistently improve the user journey and are able to link creativity and innovation. You enjoy working in a collaborative environment - especially with developers - and know that the best outcomes can also be informed by a little bit of data. Above all else, you love the creative process. You enjoy coming up with creative solutions that make a business impact and drive connection between a brand and its consumers.

Responsibilities:

Leading the visual design for pos.toasttab.com, digital content, and more.
Work to develop and implement design solutions to high impact A/B tests.
Design visual mockups, wireframes and process flows.
Build low and high fidelity prototypes for customer journeys.
Work closely with front-end developers to implement UI solutions.
Work with brand creative team to build and maintain design guidelines for our digital experiences to ensure consistency across all assets.
Understand our users and target audience to inform your design direction.
Conduct user research and analysis to better understand our users and their challenges.
Clearly able to communicate and present design solutions to key stakeholders.

Requirements:

6+ years of experience in digital design
Proficiency with Sketch, Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator), and InVision.
Strong understanding of UX and workflows.
Proven track record of leveraging data to inform design decisions and iteration.
Ability to turn wireframes into a functional design.
Deep understanding of desktop/mobile/responsive design strategies and executions.
Working knowledge of HTML and CSS.
Passion for restaurants and the food community a plus.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=427845e2368ff2bd,427845e2368ff2bd,indeed,Toast developer
new,Principal Software Engineer,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Toast is looking for a Principal Software Engineer with Android experience to play a critical role for our core teams. These teams build our most heavily used features - to take orders for our restaurant customers and to manage the complex workflows during restaurant service. We utilize technology to help our restaurants be more efficient while consistently offering their customers the best dining experience possible. We need your help to build Android solutions that will scale to millions of concurrent diners and hundreds of thousands of restaurants.

Some projects we've been working on recently include:

Server features including allowing them to bulk administer checks to another server at the end of their shift
Refactoring to enable faster development, better testability, reliability and usability
Optimizing performance of the user interface and creating performance dashboards and benchmarks
Re-designing complex ordering workflows based off an event-sourced architecture

As an Android Principal Software Engineer for the core teams, you will be:


Hands on with Android while crafting, building and maintaining high performance mobile apps
Designing highly resilient, flexible & scalable enterprise applications
Embedded on the orders workflow team, but owning architecture across the core teams
Providing mentorship to other senior engineers

Do you have the right ingredients?


Proficient in Java and/or Kotlin
Expert in the Android ecosystem
Experience with a large scale enterprise organization
Passionate about building great software

Our Tech Stack

Toast's products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. Toast stores data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilizes Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. The web front-end is built primarily using Angular and ES6. The main Toast POS application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform we operate RabbitMQ clusters as well as direct tablet communication to the back end.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5382de9518a29214,5382de9518a29214,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Senior Software Engineer, eCommerce",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of thought, background and experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Toast is looking for a SSoftware Engineer to play a critical role on the team responsible for building our eCommerce platform and associated integration technologies. This platform enables restaurants to discover and order Toast products and services on the web. We at Toast believe a great e-commerce experience is a critical part of delivering a frictionless self-service experience for ordering Toast products to the restaurants we serve. We are combining Magento eCommerce platform with integrations to standard enterprise systems such as ERP (Netsuite), CRM (Salesforce) and Marketing automation (Marketo) to deliver a seamless experience for our customers, business operations, sales, and customer success teams. These systems play a critical role in how we engage and maintain high quality relationships with the restaurants we serve.

About this roll*:

Working with our CTO, Chief Architect, VP of business systems and other senior technical and product managers to define and drive API and integration standards
Implementation and scaling of our eCommerce platform with a cross-functional team of collaborators
Designing, building and maintaining high performance, flexible and highly scalable web and mobile-web single-page applications for the web using ReactJS
Collaborating with our business applications team to design and implement best practices for integration with standard enterprise applications including ERP (NetSuite), and CRM (Salesforce)
Working in cloud native system (AWS) using a mix of programming languages including Javascript, Kotlin and Java
Thinking in terms of the end-user and designing accordingly
Participating in code reviews to ensure technical implementations meet functional requirements
Mentoring other team members

Do you have the right ingredients*?


You value the success of the business and are able to design technical solutions to drive that success
Experience in integrating large systems together to produce a single user experience that delights our customers
You want to remain close to the code and are comfortable making complex changes without breaking (too much) stuff
Willingness to interact with multiple backend systems (Magento, NetSuite, Salesforce, etc) and programming languages, from PHP to Kotlin
You demonstrate humility, empathy and respectfulness
You act as a force multiplier for teams you work with
You are able to balance getting things done with making things perfect
Bread puns encouraged, not required

Our Tech Stack

Toast's products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. Toast stores data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilizes Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. The front-end is built primarily using Angular and ES6. The main Toast POS application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform we operate RabbitMQ and Pulsar clusters, as well as direct tablet communication to the back end. We are introducing the Magento platform into our tech stack with our e-commerce investments.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e3fc0cc67845874,0e3fc0cc67845874,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Software Engineer II, Sales Optimization",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Are you bready* for a change?

You'll be helping hundreds of sales reps connect with restaurants, so we can fulfill our mission. We need impact driven, product thinking, full stack engineers to build experiences for our sales team that make them more productive.

About this roll*:

Iterate quickly alongside sales reps that help them connect with the best restaurants.
Build mobile or web experiences from the ground up.
Consolidate multiple sources of data to generate insights.
Ship code that has a massive impact on the growth of Toast.

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Have experience across front end, native mobile technologies, and a love for driving measurable impact for the business.
Enjoy creating tools for people that you interact with every day.
Understand how to move fast, but also can balance building maintainable software for long term success.
Bread puns encouraged but not required

More on our tech stack:
Our products run on iOS and Android, backend services in Java. The web front-end runs on React, Redux, ES6 and Webpack. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java and NodeJS; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09fd39de07146fcf,09fd39de07146fcf,indeed,Toast developer
new,Business Systems Manager,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"Toast Overview:
Toast is a rapidly growing startup building the first all-in-one restaurant management software platform. Toast's Android tablet based system helps restaurants operate more efficiently and connect with their customer base in new and innovative ways. We're growing fast and have a customer base comprised of cafes, restaurants, bars and nightclubs across the country. We work hard and care about our customers' success and we have a lot of fun doing it. As a startup, we move fast and have a lot of opportunity for career growth, so if you're passionate about your work and want to be in a fun and growing industry, join us! You will be helping Toast to grow our business across the US and internationally.

Job Overview:
As a Business Systems Manager you will manage a team of Salesforce Administrators and developers responsible for providing technical solutions that meet the evolving business needs of the organization. You will collaborate with business stakeholders to scope and implement new technical initiatives, streamline, automate, and simplify processes and educate employees on the effective use of the technologies and processes necessary for the business to operate.

As a Business Systems Manager you will:

Manage the daily activity of business systems analysts and Salesforce Administrators, who interface with management and users across the organization
Identify, select, and implement best practices to gather, document, streamline, and improve business processes for the customer success department
Provide leadership, activity planning, and direction to complete team tasks, produce the required deliverables, track/resolve issues, and meet project milestones
Mentor team members, identify/develop opportunities for individual growth, and set a positive example for working in a team environment
Work with product ownership to manage and prioritize the team's product backlog
Facilitate release planning and capacity planning for team's initiatives

Do you have the right ingredients?


4+ years of Project/Program Management, Business Systems Analysis, or similar experience
Management experience required
Work experience in an Agile/SCRUM environment
Experience leading large scale applications and/or projects
Excellent organizational, time management & verbal/written communication skills

Bonus Ingredients:

Prior work experience managing a CRM or ERP application (Salesforce, NetSuite, ServiceNow, etc)
Experience working with Jira
Six Sigma Qualifications",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=63379d14a03b25ff,63379d14a03b25ff,indeed,Toast developer
new,Sr. Cloud Security Engineer,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Are you bready* for a change?

We're looking for a senior engineer to join our rapidly growing security team. In this role, you'll help our engineering organization to identify, triage, and remediate security issues. You'll also work in tandem with our engineering teams to think about and act on security challenges through all phases of software development, and to help us design and build new features to enhance the security of the Toast platform. The Toast security operations center (SOC) is focused on building capabilities to monitor, detect, and respond across our environment. As a senior member you'll be a major contributor to helping build the SOC and contribute to our vision. We are focused on an aspect of security that's in its infancy by operationalizing cloud, application and mobile device security. These are the attack surfaces you would tackle with a welcomed creative approach. The ideal candidate is someone that can under take the ""mindset of an attacker"" and apply it to defense. You would be the SOC's cloud security resource and lead engineering efforts to bolster our security posture. You are someone who stays abreast with emerging threats, embraces the security community, and seeks to contribute to it. We love security innovators who are always thinking about new and interesting solutions to keep pace with ever changing security landscape.

About this roll*:

Manage SOC infrastructure e.g., malware protection, web layer protection, firewalls, patching and data leakage protection
Leverage programming languages to solve problems and automate solutions to security findings
Contribute to threat modeling activities bonus points if you can apply traditional modeling to application and AWS
Foster a security mindset with our development and DevOps teams by working with security champions
Manage data flow and integrations with Firewalls, AWS CloudTrail, Linux syslogs, apps, HIDS, FIM, AV, etc
Performing security design on cloud resident systems and services including requirements gathering
Manage Scanners: (Code, Application, Database, Network, Host, etc.) to provide holistic insight and enable compliance of our platform
Survey, review and develop recommendations for encryption key management Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Participating in the incident response process
Collaborate with DevOps team in developing technical solutions and new security tools to help mitigate security risks and vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks.

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Expertise in container and DevOps technologies such as Kubernetes, Jenkins, Docker, and OpenShift.
Working knowledge of platforms such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, and SaltStack
Strong knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities associated with application and network security in a cloud environment (AWS)
Strong understanding of Amazon Web Services(AWS) cloud application architecture & microservices
Hands on experience with container security platforms such as TwistLock, Aqua, sysdig, stackrox, etc.
Strong knowledge of the principles of implementation and operation and experience with security technology such as firewalls, multi-level security implementation, security assessment, monitoring and profiles tools (e.g. IDS/IPS, SEIM, AV,, etc.)
Understanding of Red team/Blue team activities
Familiarity with Mitre Att&ck Framework
Familiar with mobile application threats (iOS, Android). Nice to have but not required.
Familiar with containerization and orchestration technologies (Docker highly preferred)
Experience leveraging programming languages to solve problems and automate solutions to free SOC team members cycles
Interest in tackling security threats and contribution to the SOC build-out
Experience with programming languages (Java & Python). You don't need to be a developer but if you can contribute to building custom tools and communicate with our application security team, bonus points.
Bread puns encouraged but not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0ad0272b9ae3f410,0ad0272b9ae3f410,indeed,Toast developer
new,Senior Principal Software Engineer - Payments,Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of thought, background and experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready for a chance?*

The Payments teams at Toast operate one of the most critical portions of the Toast infrastructure: processing payments on behalf of our restaurants and ensuring that restaurants are paid in a timely manner. Payment processing is a key source of Toast's revenue and is the lifeblood of our customers resulting in millions of dollars processed in transactions per day. Our payment processing systems operate in a secure environment with zero downtime, thanks to our engineers practicing strong discipline to keep things running smoothly.

About this roll*


Bring your domain and general experience to re-architect our system for batching payments on a nightly basis to improve scalability
Work closely with our Chief Architect and CTO to align platform efforts across the company
Implementing a new API for handling credit card authorizations more flexibly, along with corresponding client-side code
Coach engineers and teams (e.g., via code review, architecture review) to build better systems
Write, deploy and support production code
Monitor production systems and build systems/processes to improve our situational awareness and operational efficiency
Diagnose performance bottlenecks and implement optimizations
Spearhead complex projects that improve functionality and reliability for our customers

Do you have the right ingredients?


Extensive experience with Java microservices
Knowledge of Cloud Computing and mobile technology, ideally AWS and Android .
Exposure to payments system software is a plus
Experience working with product teams to plan for solutions that deliver good outcomes to our customer and the company
Desire to remain close to the code and are comfortable making complex changes without breaking (too much) stuff
A strong understanding of cryptographic primitives and the hands-on experience applying building fault tolerant and secure applications.
Bread puns encouraged, but not required

--------------
Our Tech Stack
--------------

Toast's products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. Toast stores data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilizes Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. We are using Apache Pulsar to communicate between modules and are exploring new NoSQL solutions. The front-end is built primarily using Angular and ES6. The main Toast POS application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform we operate RabbitMQ clusters as well as direct tablet communication to the back end.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7007c7d366cd097,e7007c7d366cd097,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Senior Software Engineer, Team Lead - Core Extensibility",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of thought, background and experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Toast is looking for a Senior Software Engineer/Team Lead to be part of our Core Extensibility team. You will be responsible for creating enterprise solutions by extending our core technology using real time partner integrations. This team is responsible for features used by thousands of restaurants and hundreds of thousands of employees every day. While being highly technical and hands-on this role offers the additional opportunity to influence the future direction of the team. Our mission crosses a wide variety of projects impacting the entire restaurant ecosystem. In addition to leading technical projects, this role will be working closely with Product Managers, architects and developers, as well as project stakeholders.

Some projects we've been working on include:

Creating a new ecosystem driving popular mobile App scan to pay user experiences such as LevelUp
Designing and implementing an architecture that is now used by industry leading loyalty programs to enable restaurants to increase profit, retain customers and reward guests.
Working cross-functionally with other Toast teams to define best practices for API development

As a Senior Software Engineer / Team Lead on the Core Extensibility team, you will be responsible for:


Creating and driving the detailed planning, scheduling and execution of development plans to meet business goals and schedules
Crafting, building and maintaining high performance, flexible and highly scalable APIs
Developing full stack applications using React.js on the front end, Java and Kotlin for Android app and leveraging microservices and service-oriented back-end architecture
Actively contributing to product design and feature selection with customer perspective in mind
Participating in design and code reviews to ensure technical implementations meet functional requirements and the code is safe
Mentoring other team members

Do you have the right ingredients?


7+ years overall engineering experience including 1 or more years with hands on technical leadership driving large scale services, components or feature areas
Experience with cloud services architecture
Proficient in Java; Kotlin a plus
Experience designing and building REST APIs/services
Demonstrable skills building data access layers on top of SQL or No SQL databases
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or in a STEM field",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=abe167d5d6512e2e,abe167d5d6512e2e,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Senior Software Engineer, Team Lead",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an extraordinary commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help craft the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Do you like to solve complex problems at scale? Toast is looking for a Software Engineer to play a leadership role on the team responsible for owning and building the next generation of our publishing system. Our publishing system acts is the bridge between our web based restaurant configurations and the tablets that use those configurations every day for every single transaction. Our system is currently used daily in thousands of restaurants across tens of thousands of devices. We need help in embarking on a ground-up rewrite of this system with the goal of increasing our scale by orders of magnitude. The new version of this system will also support a multitude of new publishing features such as selective publishing, effective dates, and rollbacks.

Some projects we've been working on recently include:

Introduction and scale of a new microservice to encapsulate and consolidate access to the published data and our Restaurant Graph structure across all of our microservices
Design of registration and editing endpoints for schemas which all configurations will use
End-to-end prototype of our next generation stack for editing and managing configurations in React, GraphQL, and Protocol Buffers

As a software team lead on the discounts team, you will be:

Working with our CTO, Chief Architect, and Platform PMs to define and scope high-impact platform improvements
Leading a team of 2-4 software engineers to deliver results at a high level of quality
Making hands-on code contributions to your team's projects
Defining monitoring, deployment, and elevation strategies for your team's production services
Mentoring and developing team members

Do you have the right ingredients?


Proficient in Java or other object oriented languages
Proficient with traditional databases and alternative data stores
Proficient in schema-first technologies such as Protocol Buffers
Experience delivering high quality, reliable services to production
Excellent cross-team communication skills on complex technical topics
Prior experience as tech lead or team lead
Empathy for users, both internal (other Toast teams) and external (our restaurants)
Passionate about building great software
Experience with Kotlin is a plus
Prior experience with distributed systems, microservices and capacity planning is a plus

Our Tech Stack

Toast's products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. Toast stores data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilizes Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. The front-end is built primarily using Angular and ES6. The main Toast POS application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform we operate RabbitMQ clusters as well as direct tablet communication to the back end.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=384783b17ab56690,384783b17ab56690,indeed,Toast developer
new,Salesforce QA Engineer,Toast,"Omaha, NE 68102",2020-01-12,"Toast Overview:
We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an unrivaled commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help shape the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Job Overview:
The Salesforce QA Engineer designs, engineers and maintains full suite of Salesforce testing solutions and QA processes, supporting a fast paced Salesforce Admin and Development team. Acting as a subject matter expert for system health and QA best practices, contributing toward predictable delivery of quality releases.

What you will do:

Gather and analyze requirements from business teams and stakeholders to determine QA needs for all application change requests.
Develop and execute test plans working in Agile environment.
Implement, improve, and maintain existing test suites for both the Developer and Administrator teams.
Contribute to automated regression suite using Selenium.
Lead periodic release regression test cycles and UAT events.
Proactively bring issues to the attention of the team, and propose and implement solutions to solve them.
Partner closely with the development teams to replicate and resolve issues.
Collaborate on a continuous integration pipeline for production level releases in Salesforce.

Do you have the right ingredients?


2+ years experience testing software
Working knowledge of Salesforce.com
Experience working in Agile environment
Knowledge of Salesforce tooling API and Debugging logs
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong troubleshooting skills
Excellent communication skills
Highly energetic, responsible, organized, self-disciplined, self-motivated, able to work with little or no supervision
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience

Bonus ingredients (a pinch of salt):

Programming skills (Java, Python, SQL, etc...)
Knowledgeable of Salesforce Version Control and Release tools (AutoRabit)
Experience with version control tools (GitHub)
Comfortable establishing integration tests for REST and SOAP APIs
Experience with any of the following Enterprise Applications: Salesforce Billing, Netsuite, Workday, ServiceNow, RevPro
Familiarity with Test Driven Development",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a42c4f5c4ce316f,4a42c4f5c4ce316f,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Staff Software Engineer, Team Lead, Payments Processing",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an extraordinary commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help craft the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Toast's payment processing platform today supports tens of thousands of restaurants each day, processing billions of dollars annually. This is a business critical system with many complex parts that we need to evolve and extend in order to support new products and additional scale.

As a Team Lead for Payments Platform you would be responsible for the success and impact of a small cross-functional team, and improving that team over time. We are looking for an experienced person to lead the team that is responsible for Toast's payment processing platform.

As a Team Lead at Toast you will:

Write code that is used for processing hundreds of thousands of payments per day.
Provide technical leadership and guidance to the team on how to build systems that solve current needs while being flexible to future changes.
Be a force multiplier for the individuals on your team
Work closely with other teams to ensure seamless integration with our existing systems and external partners.
Participate in code reviews to ensure implementations meet functional requirements.
Participate in on-call rotations and incident response
Guide the growth of two to four engineers, including mentoring, career development, and performance management.

Do you have the right ingredients?


Significant experience working in a SaaS environment with microservices
Significant experience with JVM languages such as Java, Kotlin
An understanding of distributed systems concepts
Experience with some of the following beneficial but not required:
Java web frameworks such as Dropwizard or Spring Boot
Enterprise integration systems such as Apache Camel or Mule ESB
Messaging queuing systems such as Kafka, AWS Kinesis, Pulsar
Able to communicate clearly and effectively up, down and across teams
Enjoy devising technical solutions to solve complex business problems
Can quickly hop into a new codebase and find your way around
Balance getting things done with making things perfect
Take pride in mentoring other developers
Like to get involved in deciding what gets built to solve for the customer and the company
A demonstrated history of self-improvement and learning

...we'd love to talk!

We are an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and diverse viewpoints at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=50b29473bc46831e,50b29473bc46831e,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Senior DevOps Engineer, Employee Cloud",Toast,"Chicago, IL 60614 (Lincoln Park area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

As a member of the DevOps team, you will be responsible for the smooth functioning of our staging and production environments, including all of our applications, infrastructural components such as databases, cache servers, queueing services, and network security. You will serve both Toast's customers and Toast's software engineering requirements.

Some projects we've been working on recently include:

Building continuous delivery pipelines for containerized applications running in ECS
Scaling our web application infrastructure, and introducing automated application and infrastructure deployments
Improved our observability capabilities across applications and databases

About this roll*:

Build new automation to expand and maintain our AWS hosting infrastructure
Create developer tools in support of a rapidly growing company
Use your familiarity with DevOps methodologies and practices to foster a culture of quality while facilitating developer velocity

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Experience maintaining large-scale infrastructure, supporting production workloads, and configuration management (especially Ansible and Terraform)
Strong understanding of Windows environments, with an emphasis on application workloads in IIS and Windows Services
Solid experience working with relational databases (MySQL and Aurora MySQL a plus)
Substantial experience with version control software
At least 3 years of experience with modern CI/CD tools
Prior experience with containerization and orchestration technologies (Docker highly preferred)
Exceptional experience with automated configuration and deployment
Familiarity with Cloud deployment workflows and cloud IaaS providers (preferably AWS)
An get-things-done attitude and track record of success
Bread puns encouraged but not required",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c8c4cf1ec7938158,c8c4cf1ec7938158,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Staff Software Engineer & Team Lead - Android, Payments Expe...",Toast,"Boston, MA 02215 (Kenmore area)",2020-01-12,"We're not your traditional tech company, and we don't aim to be; going against the grain is in our DNA. We know that building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking, and that's why we value diversity of background a lived experience.

Toast pairs a deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud-based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Our products make it easy for restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, improve operations, and increase revenue. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive!

Bready* to make a change?

The Payments teams are the hidden heroes and heroines of Toast. These teams ensure that a restaurant can always perform the mission-critical act of taking a payment from a guest, even in the middle of a power outage. As a member of our Payment Experience team, you will be responsible for making sure that both restaurant employees and guests have a rock-solid, frictionless payment experience on our Android tablets and handheld devices.

About this roll*


Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, and UX designers to implement, monitor, and maintain our core payments workflows (originally built in Java, but moving to Kotlin)
Guide the growth of 3-4 engineers, including mentoring, career development, and performance management
Participate in compassionate code reviews to ensure that implementations meet our functional and technical requirements
Work closely with your team's product manager to advocate and prioritize work that will enable us to support our workflows as the company grows to support more restaurants, new Android devices, and new methods of payment
Schedule and facilitate your team's regular meetings, such as daily standup, sprint planning, backlog grooming, and retrospectives
Ensure that your team is delivering high-quality software on a regular basis

Do you have the right ingredients*?


Experience developing Android applications
Desire to work primarily in Kotlin within a large Android codebase
Motivation to help the people around you achieve their full potential
Respectful, empathetic, and humble
A focus on restaurant success and getting things done
Integrity to achieve results the right way
Bread puns encouraged but not required

Our Tech Stack

Toast's products run on a stack that ranges from guest and restaurant-facing Android tablets to backend services in Java to internal, guest-facing and restaurant-facing web apps. Our backend services follow a microservice architecture written using Java 8 and DropWizard; we use AWS extensively, ranging from S3 to RDS to Lambda. We have our own platform for dealing with user management, service elevations and robust load balancing. Toast stores data in a set of sharded Postgres databases and utilizes Apache Spark for large scale data workloads including query and batch processing. The front-end is built primarily using Angular and ES6. The main Toast POS application is an Android application written in Java and Kotlin. For data between tablets and our cloud platform we operate RabbitMQ clusters as well as direct tablet communication to the back end.",,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c0f223c93a45ae83,c0f223c93a45ae83,indeed,Toast developer
new,"Senior Software Engineer, Employee Cloud",Toast,"Chicago, IL 60614 (Lincoln Park area)",2020-01-17,"We are a rapidly growing company that's revolutionizing the way the restaurant industry does business by pairing technology with an extraordinary commitment to customer success. We help restaurants streamline operations, increase revenue, and deliver amazing guest experiences through our platform that combines restaurant point of sale, guest-facing technology, and award-winning customer support. As a Toaster, you will be challenged to take on meaningful projects that will help craft the future of the company. Join us as we empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

Toast is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to play a meaningful role on a new and growing team responsible for transforming the way restaurants manage and connect with their employees. The team will need to solve a wide spectrum of engineering problems: reliability, availability, scale, new features, and new products.

About this roll*:

Crafting, building and maintaining high performance, flexible and highly scalable web and mobile applications
Participating in designing, estimating effort, implementing, testing, debugging, configuring, integrating and documenting database, middle-tier and front-end code
Diagnosing performance bottlenecks and implementing optimizations
Building new features and products
Surveying and evaluating available technology options
Actively contributing to product design and roadmap discussions
Participating in code reviews
Mentoring other team members

Do you have the right ingredients?


Proficient in a modern object-oriented programming language
Passionate about building great software
An interest and commitment to continuous learning
Known for having a get unblocked attitude
Bread puns encouraged, not required",Be an early applicant,https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=45baa74054e3898b,45baa74054e3898b,indeed,Toast developer
